{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\fs22 Chapter 5 - Back to the Garden
\par 
\par 
\par \tab Jacob’s father grabbed the ceramic bowl in front of him up off the table and this time slammed it into the cabinent so forecfully that it risked breaking others by association.  Jacob stood silently and walked to another cabinent to retrieve a tupperware bowl.  He set it on his placemat and sat down at his place, at a large wooden table with his seven terrified siblings, all clutching their matching bowls closely in fear.  Dust particles fluttered around the room, stirred from the comotion, visible only in the tiny beams of warm morning light that came in through the slightly open windows of Jacob’s kitchen.  The house was never open, even on nice days like this, and the stagnant air only heightened the chocking atmosphere of the room.
\par \tab“Alright.  Maybe you haven’t lied to me, but you’ve left out a great deal of important details.”
\par \tab“Is this about the ice cream still?”  Jacob’s mother was more sympathetic, but was still baffled by her son’s sudden change in behavoir.  “We’ve only kept the things from you that might \i hurt\i0  you Jacob, that’s a priviledge.”
\par \tab“Our family \i is\i0  privaledged!” his father picked up.  “Do you think freedom is what you want?  What about \i safety, \i0 Jacob?  You’ve been guarded here too long to understand how \i dangerous \i0 the rest of the world is.  We are keeping you \i safe\i0 , something you wouldn’t be able to do yourself.”  Jacob opened his mouth to speak, to which his father quickly imposed, “You were \i lucky\i0  yesterday, that is all!”  He was a thunderous, large man, his hair greyed and worn thin.  His footsteps around the table shook the silverware off of the folded cloth napkins.  Jacob held the bowl close to him so that his father couldn’t snatch it.  
\par \tab“Listen, the things you saw - the things you \i say\i0  you saw - they need to be put out of your mind.”
\par \tab“You \i still \i0 don't believe me?!” Jacob was exasperated.  “There were \i plenty \i0 of girls wearing shorts!  Soft, short, fabric shorts, the likes of which I've never seen!”  He recalled them in his memory as if they were a distant dream. “Some of them said things across the buttocks.  Juicy.  Cheer.  Fabulous.”
\par \tab“Tell my Jacob, why would such a garment exist?  They were clearly underwear of some kind!  It was because of Angel Robert, no girl would have ever left the house like that on a day on which the world was not ending.”
\par \tab“The world isn’t ending!”  Jacob shouted back.  He could see only a sliver of the sky out the window, over the vinyl fence, but he concentrated on it as he spoke.  “Not that world, out there, there’s too much life in it to die, I just couldn’t believe it.” He watched as his father’s shadow danced on the stone wall of the kitchen in the hot morning light.  “Even if it were, out there I could live three more lives today.  And three more tomorrow.  I could live a thousand more times over before the world has time to end.”
\par \tab“Nothing out there is real, Jacob.”  His father lowered himself into a chair, looking for once saddened.  “Your mother and I, we’ve worked hard to give you the realest, most important parts of life and spare you from the extraneous and uneccessary.  The things out there, as beautiful as they may seem now, are not important.  They will only push you further away from what is.” The man rubbed his hands over eachother, wrinked and leathery, hardened from work. “Listen Jacob, we’ve made a decision as a family.  Everyone except you, that is, as you deserted us when we needed eachother the most.  While you were away we decided, the family needs to return to my father's commonality to wait for the end times.  It will be safe there.”
\par \tab“It’s safe here!” Jacob slammed his bowl onto the table, producing an unintmidating hollow plastic \i boing\i0 .  “I will not be going with you.  I will be staying here.”
\par \tab“Listen Jacob, you know the rules.  You’re eighteen now.  You have a decision to make.  We won’t stand in your way.  But tell me, if not with us, where will you go?”
\par \tab Jacob thought back on the people and places he had brushed with in the four days since he had turned eighteen.  Friday had been mostly birthday cake and fanfare.  Saturday had been gardening . . .
\par \tab“I will go back to the garden.” Jacob announced.  He stood at his place at the table, then went and returned his bowl to the kitchen cabinet.  
\par \tab“Where?” his father asked.
\par \tab“Before breakfast?” his mother wanted to know.
\par \tab Jacob was already in his room, stuffing clothing into his hiking backpack.  Had his parents known it would one day be used as an escape device they might have thought more seriously about renting the packs instead of buying them.  
\par \tab“Only one boy of our name has EVER left at eighteen, and that was to go to university, and even THAT was a waste!  He forgot his values!  He never returned to see his family!”  Jacob’s mother braced herself against the door frame.  “He’s not leaving is he?”  She watched fearfully as the boy packed - shirts, underwear, a Bible . . . a handful of legos. 
\par \tab“Edward stop him, he doesn’t know what he's doing!”
\par \tab“You're too old to be acting like this Jacob!” his father scolded.  
\par \tab Jacob was too far past the idea of stopping.  He scooped a handful of pesonal possesions into the bag and ran to his bedroom window - he flung it open dramatically and pushed through it, knocking the screen out of place.  His parents screamed frantically as he landed face first in the dirt outside, then rolled into a run.  Through the overgrown yard, towards the ten foot high vinyl fence.  Steading his shoulder towards it, he rammed the fence at full speed - the planks bowed, and as Jacob dug his heels into the dirt against them, they snapped out of place and wobbled noisely to the ground.  The fence looked like a grin missing two teeth.  Jacob dissapeared through the gap as his parents watched, helpless, from the boy's room.  
\par 
\par 
\par \tab Paul lied on the couch staring at his ceiling.  A plate beside him held the drying residue of tiny pancake fragments glued together with blots of maple syrup, becoming dry and rubbery in the heat of the day.  The fan blades made a repetitive swish across his face as he watched the shadows of the blades growing and shrinking as the orbited from one side of the room to the other.
\par 
\par \tab Their shoulders had brushed once.  Paul had scooted a bit further away out of politeness.  There were no parts Paul felt inclined to change.
\par \tab\i I will never see her again.\i0 
\par \tab\tab 
\par \tab Down the hall Paul could hear water running.  He sat up and resigned himself to one side of the couch as Peter made his way into the kitchen, scavanging for food.
\par \tab“Did you make extra?”
\par \tab“No, I wasn’t sure when you’d be up.”
\par \tab“Damn.  Poptarts then I guess . . . Hey so is there anything on the news about yesterday?”
\par \tab This was the first time Paul had thought to check.  As the TV screen glowed into cohesion a frantic news scene began to solidify - a picture of a US map focused into view with hundreds of tiny Robert-shaped markers scattered about it.  “What we do know,” said a man standing beside the map, “Is that every city we’ve been able to contact has confirmed that they too recieved a visit from a large man on a throne named Robert, who warned them of the Rapture and assigned them numbers.  So far that's nearing 2.2 million Roberts yesterday.”
\par \tab“Thanks Tim.”  an anchorwoman offered.  “Mark Koebrick is on location at the site of Robert’s landing yesterday; Mark, can you give us an idea of what it’s like out there?”
\par \tab“Sure Kim, as I said earlier, not a lot of new developments to report.”  Mark stood near where Paul and Rebekkah had sat the day before, cameras pointed towards the grizzly wreckage of the good side of the mall.  “We still have many religious groups holding vigil, as well as a few curious onlookers, just waiting to see if ‘Robert’ is coming back.  Still a lot of question and mystery surrounding yesterday’s event.  Here’s what we do know:”
\par \tab An obviously pre-recorded segment began to play.
\par \tab“Numbers, numbers, numbers.” a dubbed voice announced, as video panned across footage of yesterday’s crowd.  “We’ve all got one.  But what do they \i mean\i0 ?”
\par \tab An old couple with a microphone aimed at them appeared on screen.
\par \tab“I think it's pretty obvious,” \i Earl Walters\i0  explained, looking over to \i Margaret Walters\i0  every few words.  “Mr. Robert, as he’d like us to call him, was an Angel of Our Lord, like he said.  He came to weigh our sins, and has given us numbers based off of that.  Looks to us like the higher your number is, the better you’d been.  Father Michaels got what, a - something in the thousands!”  The two beamed proudly.  “Me an Margaret both got in the seven hundreds, she’s been a bit better than me.” Earl chuckled, rubbing an open palm on Margaret’s back.  “But we decided that isn’t too bad, what with all the fractions given out.”
\par \tab The narration began again.  “The Walter’s suspicions of a ‘divine rating system’ is a common one, but one that seems to vary from person to person.”
\par \tab A tall, thin, ebony-skinned man appeared on screen, staring blankly in the general direction of the camera.  On his shirt written in sharpie was the number -78.3.
\par \tab“The Lord’s game is one of \i weight!\i0” he shouted, as if he were addressing not only the cameraman directly, but maybe some people behind him.  “It is said in Revalation that in the end days we will be \i weighed \i0 and that those who are found \i heavy \i0 with \i sin \i0 will experience the \i second death\i0 .  But there is \i time\i0  to save yourself from these forthecoming firey lakes of sulfur!  If you notice, I have room to spare.  I am looking to help some with a weight of 78.3, or lower.  This is how God has planned it, for it is through \i each other\i0  that we are saved.”
\par \tab“Still,” continued the voiceover, “Others insist the numbers don’t mean anything.”
\par \tab A group of teenage girls stood sipping Frappacinos in a semi-circle, facing the camera.  
\par \tab“I don’t know, it doesn’t look like anything’s changed.” one girl said, squinting off into the distance.  “I forgot my number already.  It was pretty small.  Sarah’s was, Sarah what was your -”
\par \tab“58!”
\par \tab“And Ashley’s was”
\par \tab“348.9!”
\par \tab“And Laura’s was . . . . where did Laura go?”
\par \tab“-10 and 29/34ths.”
\par \tab“Wow, that is RED-iculous.”
\par 
\par \tab“Still, regardless of what people may think they mean, most people seem proud to show them off.”
\par \tab Several clips shot at different areas of the mall the previous night showed people offering their numbers to the camera, written on body parts and clothing, some forming numerical lines and inspecting the results.  The camera turned back to the newscaster standing in the now all but empty mall parking lot.  
\par \tab“So that’s the scene out here.  Erica?”
\par \tab“Thanks Mark.” said a woman back in the newsroom.  “Real interesting stuff.  A memorial service will be held this weekend to remember those that were killed in the mall collapse yesterday.  A spokesperson for the Lakeline Mall has said that they are, ‘deeply sorry’ for the loss of life that occurred, but that the mall was simply not built to hold the weight of a giant man on a throne.  The impending lawsuits are expected to be written off as an act of god.”
\par \tab From there the footage more or less started over again, as Peter sat chewing a pop tart beside Paul on their worn couch.  
\par \tab“Whataya think?” Peter asked casually.  “You want to go find that dude, have him take your point away?”
\par \tab“Yeah, what does - how does he expect to tell?  What does he think he’s going to do?”
\par \tab Peter shrugged.  “People are fucking crazy man.  Surprised nobody’s gotten killed yet.”
\par 
\par \tab Jacob stood proudly in the center of the garden; inhaled a deep, happy breath.  
\par \tab“I’m home!” he announced to the bed of dirt.  “Where can I sleep where I won’t disturb any of your growing?”
\par \tab Jacob was becoming concerened that not a single sprout had started to poke out yet, and felt a faint concern that at this rate, he might not have food for tomorrow night.  
\par \tab“Hey, how’d you get in here?”  The voice came from behind Jacob.  Turning, he saw four young boys standing at the gate of the garden.  They were younger than Jacob, maybe thirteen, on average - they each walked a bike into the garden where Jacob stood, in a sort of semi-circle around him.
\par \tab“You're not from our neighborhood.” said perhaps the oldest-looking boy - a bit chubby but with a piercing, serious glare.  “We gotta check you.”
\par \tab“Check for what?” Jacob asked.
\par \tab“Your number.  We need to know what your number is.”
\par \tab“Oh, nine times ten to the forty third power!  What’s yours?”
\par \tab“It’s what?”
\par \tab“Nine times - it’s a nine followed by forty three zeros.”
\par \tab The boys shook their heads dissaprovingly.  “No way, that’s way too high.  You can’t stay here.”
\par \tab“You're confused.” Jacob explained.  “See, I’ll be living here now.  It all happened this morning when I -”  
\par \tab“NO, you won’t.” insisted the chubby boy, letting his bike lean against the chainlink fence around the garden’s perimeter.  The three other boys followed suit, standing in what they felt were tough poses behind him.  “Tell ‘em Jon.” a short boy called from the back.
\par \tab“See this neighborhood?” Jon said, pointing into the arches of great oaks that opened to the back of the school.  “Every single one of us here, every family, got a number under 20. You catch my drift, old man?”
\par \tab Jacob shook his head.
\par \tab“Of course not.  You in your fancy little rich kid clothes, prolly never notice us.  But God did.  He set this whole neighborhood apart so that people like you can’t bother us no more\i .\i0   1 - 20, all whole numbers an’ shit.  What’d you call ‘em George?”
\par \tab“Integers.”
\par \tab“Yeah, fuckin’ integers.  That’s what we are.  What Robert did, he seperated us so we can have peace finally.  Fuckin first stops aren’t allowed here anymore.”
\par \tab“Fuckin first stop!” one of the boys yelled.  Jon had never made more sense.  
\par \tab“You know, we have to deal with ones like you every morning, all year.  Sittin in the back, throwin shit at us.  Last stops are always gettin the shit seats and the shit treatment by people like you.  That’s why you’re not passing through anymore.  You find a different school where you can be last stop, and stop trolling through here.”
\par \tab“I have nowhere to go.” Jacob explained.  He was unsure but it felt like the boys were tightening the semi-circle around him, and that his feet had found their way from arugula to the back row of carrots.  
\par \tab“I don’t need all the zeros.” Jacob stammered.  “You can have some.  We can share them.”
\par \tab“You think that's what matters here?”  Jon was turning red and sweaty.  “Listen, I’ll tell you one more time.  Leave.  Now.”
\par \tab Jacob felt the loose soil shift beneath his feet as his heels scraped the concrete curb of the back wall.  The carrots - he was standing right on the carrots.
\par \tab“No,” Jacob said, locking eyes with Jon.  “This is my garden, and I'm staying.”
\par 
\par 
\par “Police force has increased not only in the area surrounding the mall, but through most of the city.”  said Erica in the newsroom.  The camera was showing a different area of town now, where a man with ‘9,999’ written in sharpie across his chest and a bat in his hand stood in front of a preschool.  Paul and Peter lay dormant on the couch, absorbed in the steady stream of new developments.
\par “A few updates - first, police have confirmed that the man in front of ____ day care center is demanding to see his daughter, having cited his assesment number as a point that may overturn his child custody case, previously closed in March.  
\par \tab“Only ten blocks away, a local grocer’s market has all but shut down as the owner refuses to sell to anyone with a negative number.  This denial of service has sparked outrage for many long time customers who say they have no other alternative for their daily needs.  This is just one of many instances both locally and internationally that has started the debate of whether denying services to someone because of their number is a form of descrimination.”
\par 
\par \tab Peter nonchalantly got up and walked to the front door, making sure the deadbolt was secure.  He looked out the window.  The street was it’s typical placid self - a woman walked her dog, swinging a plastic water bottle in her left hand with each mock-jog step.  Some sprinklers spit frantically onto the lawn of the house across the street.  
\par 
\par \tab“Well, I mean, definitely.” said a young officer standing outside the supermarket.  “But he owns the market, and has the right to refuse service to pretty much anyone.  Now, if he was descriminating by race, or gender, there’s a number of laws we could enforce to ensure equal treatment.  But with nothing on the books regarding the numbers, we can’t legally interfere.  It’s wrong, definitely, but we really can't do anything besides ensure that no one's getting hurt, or anything like that.”
\par 
\par \tab Paul thought briefly of Rebekkah again, wondering where she was.  She had probably stayed in for the day.  Paul had not showered or changed out of the clothes he had slept in.  It seemed like what most sensible people were doing.  
\par \tab His pocket began to vibrate.  Retrieving his phone he tried to mentally place the number with no name attached to it - same area code, but completely foreign in all other respects.
\par \tab“Hello?”
\par \tab“Paul?  Is this Paul?”
\par \tab“Yeah, who is -”
\par \tab“This is Rebekkah, I’m on the move.  I need you to - could you and Peter come pick me up?”
\par \tab Paul shot a paniced look to Peter who still stood at the front window, pulling a lacy curtain out of the way to watch the street.  “Who’s that?”
\par \tab“Sorry, I did NOT explain this very well.”  Rebekkah continued, the sound of panting and hurried footsteps puntuating her sentances.  “So Jacob just called me.  He's in the hospital.  Aparently I'm the only person he had to call.”
\par \tab“Is he alright?”
\par \tab“Sorta, I think - I was going to go see him, and I didn’t want to get my dad involved - but the hospital I guess is really far away.  And he was looking for you anyway.  So I guess I'm saying, what are the chances,” the audio became muffled by a dense scuffling sound, “that you, and Peter, want to come pick ME up, wherever I am, and take me to the hospital, so I can check on Jacob?”
\par \tab“Paul!”  Peter called, his eyes still transfixed out the window, “That girl Rebekkah just ran out of the bush across the street.”  Paul ran to the window, where a few yards away Rebekkah stood in the middle of the street, phone to ear, staring blankly up and down the block.
\par 
\par \tab“So he . . . hurt himself?  How?”  Peter looked at Rebekkah in the rearview mirror, anxiously tapping out a message on her phone.
\par \tab“Not a clue.  His voice was really muffled and then he had to hang up.  Now he’s just sending me these garbled texts, they’re not even words.”  Rebekkah leaned forward and showed the her phone to Paul - 
\par 
\par \tab\i Di but djrry since, HB bury utter siyif very great ignore boy xuyjd xibr axhst bday.\i0 
\par 
\par \tab Paul shook his head, in no way looking forwart to what bizzare interaction awaited him at the hospital.  Once again he sat a few feet from Rebekkah, unshowered and unsure of what to say.  The gradual and unexpected comfort he had found with her the previous day was lost, seemingly reset to the silent default he greeted strangers with.  A few times he opened his mouth slightly, attempting to coax an intelligible string of words.  Each time, he shut it again and sunk a bit lower in his seat.
\par \tab“Do you think it has something to do with the numbers?  That’s what I'm figuring.  People are fucking \i crazy \i0 today.”
\par \tab“Yeah, and actually I was going to ask about the bat.” Rebekkah pointed to the steel Loiuseville slugger Peter clenched between his leg and the center console of the car.
\par \tab“Jeez, you and Paul both.  He was like, begging me not to bring it.  You see the news?  Paul’s one number away from not being able to buy oranges in this neighboorhood.”  Peter scanned the streets methodically as he drove for possible sources of threat.  Nothing looked terribly out of place.  No one near his age.  He had the faint rumble of double bass and shrieking guitars playing out of the speakers just in case.  
\par 
\par \tab The nurses had not wanted the bat in the hospital, but Peter had insisted.  He tucked the handle into his belt, and explained the thing about the oragnes to her as they walked down the hall to the section Jacob had been set up in.
\par \tab“We’ve had a lot of bat-related injuries today, is all.”  The nurse commented as it swung precariously at his side with each step.  “Your friend for instance - we though it might have been something like that at first, but now they’re thinking it was just fists.  But a lot of them.”
\par \tab“He got beat up?” Rebekkah hung close to the nurse, almost ahead of her.  
\par \tab“Preeetty bad.  He’s ok, he just needed a whole mess of stitches.”  She led the group into a room room and motioned to what was probably Jacob, sitting upright in a bed.  His entire face, as well as his forearms were covered in thick white bandages.  
\par \tab“Your friends are here.”  the nurse called to Jacob, who scanned the room like an animatronic bear at showbizz pizza.
\par \tab“Rebekkah?  Paul?”
\par \tab“And Peter, we're all here.”  Rebekkah said.  “Oh Jacob . . .” she whinced, getting a closer look at the cuts and bruises the prodtruded from the bandaged areas of his arms and face.  “What happened?”
\par \tab For a moment Jacob was quiet - actually quiet.  
\par \tab“Did you get in a fight?” she asked.
\par \tab“I went back to the garden.”  Jacob explained.  “But it was nothing like the first time.  I - I don't understand what changed.”
\par 
\par 
\par \tab 
\par 
\par }
