{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f2\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=7446}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17860\viewkind2\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Notes\
\
Possible Titles:\
Plenty of Water and Sunlight\
OH MY GOD\
Quartet\
Peter; Rabbit\
Too Afraid to Laugh\
An Audience Too Afraid to Laugh\
Cry Me a Mountain\
Forever, For Now\
Greater Than (>)\
\
Everyone\'d5s Numbers:\
Paul - 1\
Peter - 11\
Rebekkah - 541\
Fiore - 9 X 10^43 (90,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000)\
Mr. Pastor Simon McGregor - 0\
\
This is a true story.\
\
\
\
\
There was a brief period in his childhood in which  his parents attended church weekly, and him and Paul would go to Sunday school together.  Here Peter learned the basics of morality through short parables on felt board, sitting on a rug shaped like Noah\'d5s ark.  But before Peter was 10 his parents had decided that church was a wasteful activity, when Sunday morning could be much better spent sleeping off hangovers.  He was lucky to have this, as his parents had certainly done nothing to embed these concepts into his head.  Perhaps this is why he hung onto the all the more, as defiance of one\'d5s parents can be one of the strongest motivating factors in a child.    \
	So here is the thing - Peter was able to believe himself to be right because of an utter lack of sinning in his life.  It is easy to believe in a just god when you are just, picking the correct choices at random in a lucky draw.  But ideas assembled in the dark have the tendancy to disapoint when seen in the daylight of reality.  Peter is one of the finest young men you will ever meet.  He treats women with respect, is not tempted by alcohol, and signed a drug-free pledge in elementary school which he takes very seriously.  He loves his parents though they spit on him, he cares for Paul (which in itself is a full time job), he shakes hands firmly while staring you square in the eye.  But Peter knows he is not perfect.  He also knows he is trying, and that that should count for something.  He persevered, following the direction he knew to be right, regardless of what specifics he may be getting wrong.  \
	The truth is Peter was able to believe himself to be right because of an utter lack of sinning in his life.  It is easy to believe in a just god when you are just, picking the correct choices at random in a lucky draw.  But ideas assembled in the dark have the tendancy to disapoint when seen in the daylight of reality.  \
That, simply, is why there is no god.  The straight and narrow is plagued with row after row of brick walls.  \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f1\b \cf0 Head Points - 
\f0\b0 \
\
\'d2Rebekkah, if you did something wrong, something really wrong at one point, it hasn\'d5t stopped you from being perfect just the way you are.  And if i have any power, like these people say, if it\'d5s my say at all, then you are forgiven.  Forgiven, forgiven, forgiven; a thousand times over.\'d3\
\
Peter passes his will onto Paul\
\
Paul addresses the crowd that he is only the savior of his own life, as are they\
\
Robert tells the world that they\'d5re goats\
\
Never separate, not ever\
\
\
 . . . ..  .\
\
\
\'d2
\f2\i When you\'d5re awake, the things you think\
	Come from the dream you dream\
	Thought has wings, and lots of things\
	Are seldom what they seem\
\
	Sometimes you think you\'d5ve lived before\
	All that you live today\
	Things you do come back to you\
	As though they knew the way
\f0\i0 \
\
   
\f2\i . . . And so it seems that we have met before\
	And that we laughed before, also loved before\
	But who knows where or when\'d3\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 Paul\'d5s epitaph:\
	\
	
\f2\i Still its a real good bet, the best is yet to come.\
\
The best is yet to come, and wont that be fine\
You think you\'d5ve seen the sun, but you aint seen it shine\
\
Wait till you see that sunshine day\
You aint seen nothin yet\
Weve only tasted the wine\
Were gonna drain that cup dry\
Wait till you see that sunshine place\
There aint nothin like it here\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 For what is a man, what has he got?\
If not himself, then he has naught.\
To say the things he truly feels;\
And not the words of one who kneels.\
The record shows I took the blows -\
And did it my way\
\
Ive lived a life thats full.\
Ive traveled each and evry highway;\
And more, much more than this,\
I did it my way.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 do you know god?  I - the end has started, and I, I know it\'d5s pretty late in the game but I want to find as many as I can, save the ones that are still wandering, like God has saved me.\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f2\i \cf0 1. Violet\
\
Because of the modest or humble manner in which it grows close to the ground and its blooms peek out from under its leaves, the violet symbolizes humility, even timidity. The Ancients' name for violets was \'d2Iona\'d3; they believed that Zeus, the king of the gods, originated violets in the meadows where Io used to wander. Zeus had fallen in love with the lovely nymph, Io, and changed her into a white heifer to protect her from his wife\'d5s wrath. Zeus gave Io pastures in which to graze. The Athenians revered the violet, decorated their houses with it, and wore crowns of violets at their feasts and on festive occasions.\
\
To the ancient Romans, violets were the symbol of mourning and of affection for the dead. They decorated tombs with wreaths of violets on the Festival of the Dead, or \'d2Feralia,\'d3 in February and at the "Violaria," or the Festival of Violets, at the end of March. These ceremonies guaranteed the peace of the deceased. In the Middle Ages, violets were the symbol of faithfulness in love. The tiny purple and white flowers were made into crowns for winners of poetry contests during this era of courtly love.\
\
Later, in the 17th century, Paris street vendors sold bunches of violets that they picked in the forests outside the city. In the 1750s horticulturists had the idea of cultivating violets closer to Paris. Then in the 19th century violets were very popular in private gardens and new varieties were introduced.\
\
In Christian art, the violet symbolizes the Virgin Mary\'d5s humility. One ancient tale states that violets were in fact white until Mary was filled with anguish from watching her son, Christ, suffer upon the Cross. At this moment all the white violets turned purple to echo her mourning. Perhaps this is a reason why purple remains a color associated with mourning. In Renaissance paintings, Mary, while holding the baby Jesus, is often depicted with violets to symbolize her humility or perhaps as a premonition of Jesus\'d5 death, as in this early painting \'d2Madonna Benois," or "Madonna and Child with Flowers\'d3 (c. 1475-1478) by Leonardo da Vinci. And the viewer can make out tiny violets in the foreground of this painting by Sienese artist Giovanni Paolo aptly named \'d2Madonna of Humility\'d3 (1435).
\f0\i0 \
Quotations:\

\f2\i \'d2And in the streets, the children screamed,\
The lovers cried, and the poets dreamed.\
But not a word was spoken;\
The church bells all were broken.\
And the three men I admire most:\
The father, son, and the holy ghost,\
They caught the last train for the coast\
The day the music died.\'d3\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
\
Fix in Editing:\
\
- Bigger Church - kitchen has to work good - maybe the poverty is a relatively new thing - church is becoming unpopular?  Once great, now defunct?\
- Undefined ages, still Peter\'d5s the only one who can drive\
- Gabriel\'d5s horn?  That would be neat, to summon the \'d2final war of earth\'d3 - but is that correct?\
- Marianne doesn\'d5t worry about how to feed the children, they have a kitchen.  Duh.\
- Children/adults camping - oppurtunity to discuss how different age groups internalize religion - hope/wonder vrs. reliance\
- Make the preachy/anti-preachy parts less pretentious\
- More Judas!\
- More miracles of Paul \
- More journal / garden / greenhouse build\
- More seperation / together strain\
- More \'d2you\'d5re your own god\'d3\
\
\
Remember - \
	\
	Rebekkah - is cheery, bright, freed from the impressions of the church!\
	Paul - is passive, stagnant, cowardly (though this is changing), awkward, an observer - oh, and the Messiah\
	Peter - is strong, conflicted, driven, protective, maturer than he lets on\
	Fiore - is pure dreaming magic, storyteller, interpreter of dreams and words.  and a goofball\
\
\
Thank you, everyone, you stubborn plants that will not be uprooted by man or nature. The oxygen you photosynthesize fills my lungs with a never-ending respiration of gratitude. I hope that i am returning the favor. \
\
Because the more i think about it, the more i realize world is not my garden - what a selfish way to think. That somehow everyone around me is growing in some confined space that i am the sole gardener of. You know what i think? I think that there is no garden, that regardless of what fences and barriers we create, we are all sharing the same soil underneath, our roots intermingling and winding around eachother. Living together, not separate, not ever.\
\
It is better this way, i think.}