{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ACaslonPro-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }}\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind0\viewscale100
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs192 \cf0 Instruments\
\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
It is 2 o\'92clock, Sunday morning, and I am awake because your bed frame is too close to my wall.  A steady pelvis a foot away pounds out a practically danceable rhythm, my angry knocks do nothing but create a two tone shuffle, that like every Operation Ivy song holds the pluralism of unity and loneliness.  You sing like a clarinet.\
\
Two-person-love-making-music-machine, why must you play this song?  I don\'92t want to hear its tired chorus, its predictable verses of someone-else-in-my-arms.  Was it not enough that your early morning move-in made so much noise, with its crescendo of hearty laughter and furniture scraping against walls?  Was it not sufficient that your housewarming party pulsated into the easy quiet of my evening meal?  That now you must continue to drive the unending refrain of the other people that fill your life, these instruments that only the lonely can hear?\
\
My fan blades are not the symphony they used to be.  Four seasons, four rushed movements, sometimes I feel they weren't enough, even though they measured out perfectly, in the transient youthful dance of 4/4 time.  When they ended I could hear snowfall again and I loved it, I worshiped it.  I never noticed the sunken bass cleft you left on your side of the bed, the stains of eighth notes on your pillowcase, let's face it, the music had stopped being pretty a long time ago.  The verses dropped, we couldn't make up words fast enough for the meter we had set.  And you, in the next room, can't you hear the same thing?  Can't you hear the musician's arm becoming tired, his rhythm loosening?  A song that beautiful cannot be played forever.\
\
Your concert hall is hushed now, except for muted whispers, the final duet of the night.  The mattress springs have turned from fiddle to violin.  I know this movement - the soft pull of two tired bodies into a close, contented sleep.  I've played this one before.  My hands remember the motions, as I embrace a pillow in your stead.  Music forms its own kind of memory, doesn\'92t it?  I forgot how much I like this one.  Ok, you can play this one.  Last one, please.  I've had an awful lot to think about, all these melodies reversing the lullaby I sing to myself each night.  But thank you.  I needed to hear them again.  Short, yes; futile, yes . . . but beautiful.  Absolutely beautiful.\
}