{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 ACaslonPro-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1159}}\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind0\viewscale100
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs144 \cf0 Small, Concentric Circles\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
I tried to find you in coffee shops and libraries, but the bookshelves hollered \'93Creep!\'94, the lattes giggled up bubbles.  \
\
I tapped the shoulder of possibility but each time it looked at me with unfamiliar eyes, so I apologized for mistaking it for someone else.\
\
I walked darkened streets in the feeling-small summers past, before I realized this city plays the same three chords over and over again.  Now I look in lit windows and wonder how there could be so many lamps in this neighborhood but so few people.  \
\
There's no people out here.  I oversell the possibility, sure, but it is so outlandish a thought?  That someone out there might want to return the thoughts I throw into air like a renegade satellite?  \
\
Some form of sympathy I guess, my friend drags me to a dark dance bar where I drink until hip hop makes sense, assault the dance floor like a thirsty hyena and grab hips and give winks to a blurry mass of curled brunette hair and eyelashes.  The patrons move in small, concentric circles away from me.  Seems you can't wear nice guy like you can wear trustfund pseudo-thug.  A middle-aged man in a college basketball jersey humps a high school girl and I tell my friend that some things have never hit me like this before -\
\
You pretentious makeup-caked hussies with the short seams and your gawky-loud voices, you rattle off an endless loop of shit-coated cliches to a deaf audience who feigns interest so they can grab your breasts.  And tonight I stand at the front of the line because just once I want to play along and pretend like this means something real to me.  If this is a test of masculinity you picked the right night!  Someone hand out the scantrons, I want to take a shot.  Will you use a curve to compensate for the alcohol intake of me and my peers?  WHERE THE FUCK IS MY DESK?  I am tripping over bar stools and my friend helps me to a large wooden door as I yell \'93Pencils Down!\'94\
\
I will admit that not every action in my life has been accurate or brilliant, but this one stings like the first time I fell off a bike while my friends were watching.  You want to stand up and insist that this rarely happens but you can't hide the fact that you're just a kid and you're still learning this thing that everyone else has got down pat.\
\
Well, I'll tell you this much.\
\
This entrance exam we've made of love, I won't have it.  The library never has the study guide, the waiting list is filled with a thousand old men who will never marry.  They sit awkwardly in the entryway reading the spines of books people drop in the return slot, every afternoon since puberty.  The librarian smiles at me like she knows what I'm thinking but she hasn't got a clue.\
What's in there for me anyway?  Is there a detailed explanation of why I can't invite you to a tea party?  Why I can't take you to a ball being held in the rainy field I passed when I drove through Nebraska (Formal attire only)?\
It's that notion that it takes a concordance and cliff notes to get your phone number.  That your heart is somewhere in this leather-bound mess of annotated case studies handed down from my father, that I'm supposed to worship it like scripture.  No, the love I know was written at a third grade reading level.  It's not long enough for chapters and there's pictures of butterflies on every other page.  And all its really good for is draping over your eyes as you wander into someone else's arms, like a drunken game of pin the tail on the donkey.  If its a study guide it just says \'93GO!\'94, if it's a test its one multiple choice question and every answer is \'93YES!\'94  And I'm sorry but, all I've ever had are green pens.\
\
On the ride home I look through my friend's moonroof at the stars and wonder if they're just more lamps of people I'm never going to meet.  The alcohol is making my body pulsate softly with the night and for a second I picture myself at the doorstep of some distant quasar with a of bouquet daisies in my hand.  Its a funny thought, but I feel a little better thinking about it.  Maybe there's a place out there where a smile and a little courage is enough, where the circles pull in instead.\
}