{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }}\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind0\viewscale100
\deftab709
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs120 \cf0 There is a Light On\
\pard\pardeftab709\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
There's a light on in the cafe where you work and I think maybe I'm getting thirsty.  \
It's past midnight and I thought you would be closed by now.\
Turns out the light was just your smile and you really are closed.  \
I say that and you laugh so I guess its not as cheesy as I thought.  \
You tell me the coffee's been dumped so I have tea but I don't take it to a table, I just start drinking it at the counter while you wipe down a bunch of stainless steel knobs and trays.  I just keep chatting with you about whatever I think up and you do the same.  Call and response.  Tired plucks of an upright bass in a quiet night that neither of us seem to be appreciating or taking advantage of.\
\'93Don't you have anything better to do on a Friday?\'94 you ask.\
I say no, and you say me neither.\
We laugh a little.  We're young but never seemed to notice it.  We're happy we guess, but its nothing to get excited about.  Every story we tell, there's this empty page at the end we're hoping the other will notice.  God, your sad sunken eyes.  I want to fill it with a thousand tiny verses but I can't write small enough to say everything I want to.  No surface has every been large enough for that.  But sometimes, too much isn't right.  So I take the fattest black sharpie out of my heart, and recall the universal contents of the tired soul.  Indelible, concise, uppercase Helvetica.\
The tiles on the wall behind you shift and crane their ceramic necks because they see me getting ready, they know this one is going to be worth remembering.\
}