{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=4358, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 New Year, New Stories - what you can expect out of me for the coming year\
\
Hey reader!  Look at you - have you lost weight?  I\'92ve always thought you looked fine, but its nice to see you so healthy.  And you haven\'92t had a cigarette all day?  Man, you are really making some positive changes.  It\'92s inspiring - it is, you don\'92t give yourself enough credit.  What, me?  Well I\'92m glad you asked, I\'92ve got some changes planned for this year too.  They can be boiled down into three main points:\
\

\b 1) The Chase is on hold.
\b0 \
It\'92s important to start each new year with a clean bill of mental health.  Its a time to dress your wounds - forget what you can and drink yourself into a state of comatose apathy over what you can\'92t.  This is where me and The Chase are having a problem.  \
Though you\'92ve only been reading The Chase since September, I\'92ve been working on it for well over a year.  Its been an extremely cathartic process, but also a rough one - and spending all my weekends and free nights writing detailed accounts of failed relationships has begun to take it\'92s toll on me.  When you spend your days dramatizing your past relationships into narratives, its hard not to do it with your current ones too.  Suddenly every text message has a hidden message, every conversation is dialogue, every conflict is awaiting some dynamic and meaningful resolution.  And with Chapter 5 introducing the current-day story arc, The Chase has gone from a quiet reminiscence of old flames to the soul crushing expulsion of the still-warm corpse of my last relationship.  Trust me, you don\'92t want to read that.  \
At the end of every relationship there\'92s a series of time stamps you have to endure - this long until you can speak again, that long until you can be friends.  Long, long after that comes the point that you can write about them objectively, when you have nothing left to prove or apologize for.  I\'92m just not there yet.  \
That being said, The Chase WILL be finished.  You have my word.  I can\'92t make any concrete promises as to when, simply that when my mind is recharged I will attack the second half with all the passion of the first, and with the same balanced, sober perspective.  Until then:\
\

\b 2) I have new stories, more frequently, starting this month\

\b0 Believe it or not, I write about things besides girls that have emotionally tortured me.  Starting this month I\'92ll be releasing a new short story or poem every two weeks - these stories are all fiction, and range from meditations on the afterlife and redemption to the story of a small man that lives inside my molar.  They\'92re super short and unconnected - they range from funny to sad to ridiculous, and explore topics like religion, the human condition, and floss.  They also come with an interactive twist I\'92ll be expanding on later.  \
I\'92ll also be using this time to work on a novel I started in 2008, which goes by the working title \ul Greater Than\ulnone .  I\'92ll try and share as much of my process with that as possible, if any part of that process is deemed interesting or worth sharing.  However, this one will not be released per chapter online, as I am hoping to one day make some money off of it.  This year for me is about getting as much work out as possible in hopes of one day making this a career instead of a charming hobby.  That being said:
\b \
\
3) I love you.  Have I told you that?
\b0 \
Cause its true.  Just being able to share my writing with you and see that \'91like\'92 button being hit ignites a glow in my heart that is far beyond what any publisher could ever offer me.  When I started writing seriously I wondered if I would ever have people I didn\'92t know read my work, or if my stories would forever serve as coasters on my friend\'92s coffee tables - now I get impatient emails asking me when the next chapter will be ready.  A couple of weeks ago I received a call from a friend in Korea I hadn\'92t spoken with in years, just to tell me that my stories meant something to him, and that they were being read in other countries.  When I got off the phone I literally sat on the edge of my bed and cried.  The connection I\'92ve established with you, the consensus and understanding that is found in our similar stories and - well, that\'92s just not something you can put an ISBN number on.  So thanks.  I hope we can find even newer, deeper ways of connecting this year, regardless of where we find ourselves.  }