{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green118\blue0;\red176\green176\blue176;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\b\fs16 
\par Liquid Story Binder XE by Black Obelisk Software\fs30 
\par Welcome to Liquid Story Binder XE
\par \cf2\b0\fs22 Liquid Story Binder XE gives you the tools and freedom to write.
\par \cf1\b\fs16 http:/www.blackobelisksoftware.com
\par contact@blackobelisksoftware.com\cf3 
\par 
\par \cf1\fs22 The Key to Understanding Liquid Story Binder XE is Choice
\par \b0 
\par Liquid Story Binder XE has no rigid structure to follow, no step-by-step process that restricts your creativity. Pick and choose the file types that work best for you. Use only the tools that best suit your needs as an author. Liquid Story Binder never tells you how to write!
\par 
\par The Example Binder is a great place to start. Take time to view each file type in action. Don't be afraid to try out the different tools, to change, create and even delete content. Discover what works best for you.
\par 
\par Please try our example workspaces to view Liquid Story Binder XE in action.  From the main menu, choose ‘Workspaces’.
\par 
\par To learn how to create your own Liquid Story Binder XE Binder, see our help documentation.  Choose ‘Help...’ from the main ‘About’ menu.
\par 
\par \b View the Liquid Story Binder XE Online Tutorials
\par \b0 
\par http://www.blackobelisksoftware.com/tutorials.html
\par 
\par \b Liquid Story Binder XE File Types and Terms
\par \b0 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Binders
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Any folder on your computer that contains your work.  Create a book that covers an entire series of novels, or a book just for magazine articles.\cf3 
\par \cf1 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Manuscript
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Multiple Chapters combined into a single document.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Planners
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 A flexible table of contents that combines notes and chapter titles.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Listings
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Listings organize files in a collapsible tree.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Associations
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 A simple list of files.  Like-named files access the same association.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Chapters
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 A rich text editor where you write your novel.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Notes
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Quick reference notes.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Outlines
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 A collapsible tree of ideas.  A wonderful place to brainstorm.
\par 
\par \cf2\lang4105\b\fs20 Mindmaps
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Link ideas together using lines and text.\lang1033 
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Checklists
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 A list of titles and captions with checkmarks.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Builders
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Multiple rich text documents sorted into a single file with titles, descriptions and color indexing.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Timelines
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Plot multiple characters across the length of your story using colored timelines and cards.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Storyboards
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Text and Images combined
\par 
\par \cf2\lang4105\b\fs20 Journals
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Create a writing journal, or even fictional journals for each one of your characters.\lang1033 
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Sequences
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 A list of horizontal columns with titles and descriptions.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Dossiers
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 People, places and things.  Adjectives with descriptions and a portrait.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Images
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Reference pictures, the photos that inspire writing, images that create a comfortable writing workspace.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Songs
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 The music that inspires writing.  MP3, WMA, OGG, WAV file types.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Galleries
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Grouped Images viewed by a series thumbnails.  Position thumbnails to highlight importance or effect.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Playlists
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Grouped Songs for quick and easy listening.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Recording
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Sound recording using a microphone.  Create audio notes, or, for flow and tempo, listen to yourself reading.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Shortcuts
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 Any external program or file useful to your work.  Quickly access your favorite software.
\par 
\par \cf2\b\fs20 Workspaces
\par \cf1\b0\fs18 A way to save window positions and files.
\par \cf3\b\fs16 
\par }
