{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=126, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17320\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Everyone in the world looks lovely tonight.\
Couples stroll latched like train hitches in  long dressy coats and wool hats.  Everyone\'92s got someone to smile at and wave to.  I wave to Hannah behind the counter, she laughs, she knows I\'92ve been drinking.  It feels good to be in a crowded place with noise and clinks.\
	\'93This is perfect to be here\'94 the woman next to me says, to the woman next to her, and I smile and nod, though I know she\'92s not talking to me and that she\'92s been talking about some neighborhood or house, not this cozy coffee shop.  The glass walls are a picture window of a snowing city.  An old man in glasses guides a little old woman across the ice sidewalk, they glide like magnetic figures on my mom\'92s miniature glass pond.  Intermission comes and flocks of men, women, boys and girls; flurries they look like, dazzle the sidewalk in syncopated droves.  \
	A young girl asks me for a napkin.  Everyone is lovely tonight, but she is especially lovely.  Her mother calls her to a different table, but she touches my sleeve as she leaves.  Everything is wonderful tonight.  }