{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=3345, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 It Pays to be a Tourist\

\i\b0 Adapted from a conversation overheard at Backstage Coffee
\i0 \

\b By Nick Anderson
\b0 \
\
	\'93You know, I\'92ve said it before, but it really pays to be a tourist.\'94\
	\'93That it does.  I take it you\'92re enjoying the visit?\'94\
	\'93Oh absolutely - Benjamin and I have been heading to every attraction in the whole city, one right after another!\'94\
	\'93Oh that\'92s just lovely!  Where did he take you today?\'94\
	\'93Well our first stop was the children\'92s museum.  They let him play with lightning, if it wasn\'92t just the most exciting thing to him.\'94\
	\'93Oh, was that fun?  I\'92m never sure if they actually 
\i enjoy
\i0  things like that when they feel like they\'92re 
\i learning 
\i0 as well.\'94\
	\'93Oh, well Benjamin 
\i loves
\i0  learning, so for him I don\'92t think that\'92s a fair question.  I mean even just the lightning, he was years ahead of the other kids.\'94\
	\'93I believe it.\'94\
	\'93He was just much more - controlled.  He had focus.\'94\
	\'93Well did he let the other kids have fun?\'94\
	\'93Of course, he\'92s a very just person.\'94\
	\'93Of course.  What else have you taken him to see?\'94\
	\'93Well we went to the library and it was ASIAN DAY!  There were orientals everywhere.  They had those sticks with the fried chicken on it, and tea and those hats like Aladdin.  He must have thought he\'92d wandered into the movie!\'94\
	\'93Oh how fun for him.\'94\
	\'93He was old enough to get into the children\'92s class where they made origami, and he folded crane after crane without looking at the instructions.  He just looked at the one the lady had in her hand and just made it, just like that.  And he hands it to her and looks at her like 
\i what
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93How 
\i adorable
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Just like the art class at the college.  All the 
\i other
\i0  boys his age were content to just flirt with the cute co-eds holding the markers.  But he just sat in the corner and colored, just like his father.\'94\
	\'93Was Ritchie like that, the - the kind to sit alone and work like that?\'94\
	\'93Oh certainly.  The room would be full and he would get as far away from all the other people as possible.\'94\
	\'93Typical Ritchie.\'94\
	\'93Yes well, that only riled up the co-eds.  They were practically stepping on each other to hand that kid a marker.  I don\'92t think he\'92ll call a single one of them.  That\'92s just the kind of thing he does.\'94\
	\'93He\'92s an old soul.\'94\
	\'93A 
\i damned
\i0  old soul.  Like a minotaur or some ancient thing just waiting around for one of us.  For both of us.\'94\
	\'93Oh much more for you, he\'92s just so fond of you.\'94\
	\'93Oh, but he knows who you are.  He said \'91
\i nana
\i0 \'92 but it was like a question, see not like he was talking to me.  He wanted to know where you were!\'94\
	\'93Oh well that is 
\i so
\i0  good to hear.  I\'92ll have to tell Jacob to start splitting our time a little more evenly, now that I\'92m not working at the bakery I have plenty more time to babysit.\'94	\'93Just don\'92t go feeding him any 
\i sweet rolls
\i0  or other sugary things!\'94\
	\'93I said I quit the bakery.  All we made was bread and the occasional pie crust.\'94\
	\'93Well yes, you\'92ll have to see him then.  He\'92s in second grade already, they just grow up so fast.\'94\
	\'93Second 
\i grade already 
\i0 how did he pull that off?\'94\
	Well he only did a quarter of first and skipped kindergarten entirely.  The boy is a prodigy.  He\'92s already using those refrigerator poetry magnets to make the most 
\i unusual
\i0  shapes, there\'92s something going on in there.  Mind of a artist in there.\'94\
	\'93No doubt.  Like you said, it pays to be a tourist.\'94\
	\'93That it does.  That it does indeed.\'94	}