{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=109, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Periscope\
By Nick Anderson
\b0 \
\
I first saw the little periscope mirror one night when Lauren was over.  We were in the bedroom and everything was going great, you know, when all of a sudden she let out this little yelp and pointed at this oblong disc just sort of floating in the top right corner of my bedroom.  In it we could see a pair of small dark eyes watching us excitedly.  At first it looked like a hole straight through my wall into someone else\'92s apartment, but when I jumped up to inspect it, the eyes became scared and the person they were attached to turned and began to run away.  In their absence we could see a beach somewhere, the sun beginning to set, which was weird since we live in Ohio and it was like 2:30 in the afternoon.  Lauren was not having it after that and was starting to get dressed, but I was just looking at this thing that kind of hovered wherever I moved it.\
	\'93Here here wait,\'94 I said, and threw my shirt over the top of it.  It looked like a ghost, wearing my Browns jersey.  I\'92m real slick with situations like this so I just hollered at the mirror thing for a while, alot of \'91you better get the fuck away and leave us alone\'92 and showed her that you couldn\'92t see through the shirt or anything.  \
	Things were just getting going again when Lauren let out another scream - the disc, wearing the Browns jersey and everything, was moving around, bumping into shit and knocking pictures off my wall.  I pulled the jersey off and there were like four kids in swimsuits all huddled around looking in.\
	\'93You fucking kids get out of here!\'94 I yelled, shaking the floating mirror thing, and most of them ran away.  There were still a couple of boys down at the bottom of the frame, ducked down like I couldn\'92t see them.\
	\'93I see you you little pervs!\'94  they just laughed and i was finding out that the shaking was not doing much to stop them.  \'93Stop it!  Stop it you fucking kids!\'94\
	I dragged the mirror to the bathroom, fighting a slight tug that was pulling it back towards Lauren.  I have these cabinets beneath the sink that are a real bitch to open because of the way the wood\'92s swelled over time - takes two hands to get in there so I don\'92t even use the toothbrush rack inside anymore.  I give the doors a big yank and shove the mirror in there, then push them shut with my foot again.  I shut the bathroom door on the way out again just to make sure.  \
	Lauren\'92s sitting on the edge of the bed, looking all freaked out, and I guess it makes sense.  I put my arm around her and try to get her to lay down with me again, and she\'92s almost there when this knocking starts.  It keeps getting louder and louder until I hear those damn cabinet doors fling open and some stuff crashing.  I am super pissed right about now.  I get up and open the bathroom doors, and there\'92s a pair of eyes again, trying to navigate the little disc around the dark bathroom.  I don\'92t even stop it as it flies back out past me, I just go to the kitchen and open up my toolkit that I leave under that sink.  When I walk back into the bedroom the mirror is all up on Lauren, all this giggling coming from inside it.  I grab it with one hand and push it up against the wall, showing it what I\'92ve got in the other - a big old rusty hammer, claw end out.\
	\'93Yeah?  YEAH?!\'94\
	I wind up and give the thing a dramatic smash.  I was expecting it to crack or something, but the whole thing shattered into about a billion pieces.\
	\'93That was about the fucking STUPIDEST thing you could have done!\'94 Lauren shouts at me, angrily brushing little shards of class off of her, putting her shirt back on.  She just stormed out and the laughter kept going except it sounded like it was coming from everywhere.  I swept for days, weeks, but I know I didn\'92t get all of it because sometime when I\'92m in there I still hear giggles.  Girls won\'92t even come near the place.  I can\'92t even sleep.  I swear they can still see me.}