{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 ArialUnicodeMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs120\fsmilli60495 \cf0 Blackcats
\fs26 \
\
	About a year ago, I confessed my biggest secret to a girl as we lied on my bed at two o'clock in the morning. It was quiet and snowy and that type of weather that coaxes intimate details out of your mouth, pushes you into bed with strangers, because you need some warmth and because someone close to you is willing to provide it. There's no lust about it, its just heat. She had just finished telling me about her brother and her dad and how she hated what she was doing and where she was going. The last part she whispered in my ear because she had never said it out loud before, and didn't want the world to hear: She was scared.\
	She turned her head away from me, straining her ear close to my mouth.  I craned my neck and whisper a confession:\
	"Since the day I was born, I've been holding a long string of blackcats. Everyone's been watching me, waiting for me to light them. They think, 'That boy is going to be something, this is going to be such a show, just wait and we can tell them we were here when he ignited.' But I hesitate and stall, dancing the match close but never completely, because I have this feeling, no I know, that every firecracker on that string is a dud. They're going to sputter, and one might let out a little pop, but it's all going to be over before the wick is half consumed, there's just going to smoke a little bit, still whole but no powder left inside them."\
She turns and looks at me straight, her eyes asking if I'm joking, but doesn\'92t say anything.  I want to interrupt the awkwardness; I would kiss her if it were like that, but this is just secrets, just arms and heat like I said, so I just stare back and shake my head as much as the pillow allows.  I think she wants to say something, but she can\'92t so we hug closer and she talks about her dad again.\
	I never got to hold her again after that night, which makes me sad because I liked her, especially her ears and her eyes. Now the secret is gone with her, my words lie dead somewhere near her eardrum because I never tell the same secret twice. It's just a policy.\
	Around July, once all that intimate snow had melted, I sat exposed under a desk lamp when the first one came - I thought maybe it was all the caffeine I had been drinking, and with fear creeping over me and whispering its own secrets in my ear, and I called 911 because I thought I was dying.   A heart attack, a nervous breakdown, something.  I try to explain things to man taking the call but my voice is stuttering and I tell him I\'92ve only got one shoe on, he says that\'92s fine and to just sit down, an ambulance is coming.\
	I\'92m not sure I need an ambulance.  Drunken hipsters feel their way home from nightclubs as I sit on my curb shaking like an addict, I smile and try to nod and they ignore me and I think this is always the way it is and is going to be, good thing I could dial a phone cause there\'92s no one else  that would do it for me.  In a few minutes a fire truck shows up and I feel sheepish beneath the flashing monstrosity, talking to a serious man with a gas mask hanging from his chest.  He asks me who\'92s hurt and I say me, and that I\'92m sorry that they\'92re here because I didn\'92t say anything about needing a fire truck.  I sit on the back bumper and cry a little bit, feeling like a little kid with a bee sting.  I tell them I think I\'92m going to pass out and I wish I would but my head just feels heavy and the men laugh a little a my expense and I hate them for it because nothing in this night feels within my control, I didn\'92t mean to waste their time.  I would never do that.\
	After a while an ambulance shows up and a softer looking man in a white coat asks me what I took.  I tell him about 8 cups of coffee, an Advil PM and a glass of wine, and that I\'92m afraid of falling asleep.  He laughs and asks me where my other shoe is.  I start to cry again and he helps me into the ambulance and tells me he doesn\'92t think I\'92m going to die.  I ask him if he\'92s sure and he shrugs, and asks me if I want a safe place to sleep for the night.  I tell him I really really I ask him to promise to make sure I won\'92t die.  He asks me some questions like why\'92d  I drink all that coffee, and I have no real answer for him other than a long, unpoetic slur of things I\'92m not that I thought the extra energy might make me.  I tell him I\'92m writing a noveland that if its not good then I don\'92t know what the fuck I\'92m going to do about anything.\
	Soon we\'92re at the hospital and I take a seat in the emergency room.  The guy next holds a bleeding towel wrapped around a less than satisfactory number of fingers.  I\
\
\
Anyway, I talk to the doctor and he tells me to sleep through the day and forget about it, I'll be back to normal soon. the thing is though, I can't forget it. I sleep for a little while but then it comes again, strong as before. I don't call an ambulance this time but I crawl the walls panting and scaring myself with thoughts of death and suicide and driving myself insane. Really, there was nothing "just" about it.\
\
\
I talk to another doctor and he gives me an orange bitter pill that dissolves under my tongue, and lasts for twelve hours. Only take them when I panic, he says, not everyday. Don't make a cocktail out of it. Just relax. You're young, you shouldn't be doing this to yourself. He makes it sound like I flip a switch on the wall of my mind that makes all this stuff happen.\
\
\
I feel good for a few days just knowing I've got the pill, not even taking it, until one day I feel it cropping up and I take it, which frightens me. I feel myself shake off like a drinking fountain whose water has become cold enough. I lie there peaceful but in an unnatural state. I look at my work and think "this looked good before. Is this what it looks like to other people?" I think about death more but am less motivated to pursue it. I want to cry but I can't.\
\
\
After three days dependency I call my mom and tell her I feel like I am losing my mind. "I'm not supposed to take it this much" I say. She is worried and finds me someone in town I can talk to. I want to tell her I just want to lie in bed with the girl again but that's not the kind of thing you tell your mom. I want to lie in bed with anything living.\
\
\
I talk to the this lady and I begin to see things more clearly. She asks me what I was doing when the first one came and I tell her the long list. She is impressed and surprised. She asks me why I push myself so hard. She says that people my age worry about things like this more and explains things in metaphors that make more sense. She also tells me to just relax.\
\
\
She makes me feel much better and I trade the pills for camomile tea and I am fine for a while. I think, "this is how it should be". I stop writing and drawing, I buy running shoes and jog through the parks I used to take naps in. "I am growing up", I think. But like a restless child, something in mind won't stay tucked in. It jumps out of bed and I don't sleep for a night. I drink lots of tea. I take one of the pills. What happened? I was doing fine. Now everything makes me sick. "I need it", I think, "I need something, I am dependant, I am no longer free." I drink too much at my friends apartment and still don't fall asleep. I feel the alcohol slowly leave my body as the darkness makes another day. He gets up to walk his dog and I am still pacing his carpet. "I have a problem" I say.\
\
\
I call the doctor and he gives me a new pill I take everyday. "It is very addictive." he says. "I'm already addicted" I say though he doesn't follow. I am depressed. No more beer. No more advil PM. Even have to be careful with tea. I feel like everything in the world has swirled up into one big mass and punched me in the stomach a bunch of times, and this time, I am not getting up. I lie there. "You win, you son of a bitch. Please, let me sleep or die or something, I just don't want to fight anymore."\
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\
\
Defeat tastes good sometimes, just to have that blood in your mouth and remind you that you're made of stuff. I don't know, maybe that doesn't make sense. I'm not a masochist or anything, it was just that until then, what did I know about being alive? School, work, sleep, that's not living. I realize this now. My heartbeat had slowed. I had lost the round, but when the bell rang, Everything let go. We're taking a break but the match isn't over yet. I know this.\
\
\
By now the drugs are in my system, completely, and I feel like crying. I have not cried in a very long time, and its not like I have a problem with it or anything, I just like to keep good things going when I've got the chance. I haven't thrown up in a long time either. Why push it? But sometimes you feel it coming and you know you can't stop it. You may be in the middle of something important, or out in public, these two involuntary acts could not care less. I am running a Twix bar over the scanner of a self-checkout at King Soopers when my chest starts heaving and moisture drips onto the scanner. I still have a bunch of things to scan but now nothing's working because the glass is wet and the machine is confused so I pretend like I only came for the Twix bar and leave a gallon of milk sitting next to the register. I barge into my apartment discarding the chocolate and my keys and headplow into a pile of blankets and pillows. "What's wrong with me?" I think, "What am I crying about?" I realize that there were probably alot of things I'd been waiting to cry about but have been putting off until I was done trying to drive myself insane. That alone takes alot of effort. But these tears are so backdated that I can't remember what they're for; are they coming out chronologically or alphabetically? Or in whatever random order they choose? That's the way everything else had been feeling lately, so why fight it? Random tears, random thoughts, random emotions. Sometimes you burst into tears while you're trying to buy a candy bar. I was past the point of asking questions. My head was neopolitan ice cream, all the colors melting together in a brownish-green mess. "I don't know!" I yell at my clock. "Not a fucking clue!" I holler at the napkin holder. I am crying and feeling for no reason, feeling everything, unrestrained. "I am living!" I yell at the coffee table. That is all I know. I hurt so bad I can feel it down in my stomach, in my intestines, every part of me is aching and wants to be held. But I knew that no one was there to do so so I just cried and cried until I felt empty. A good kind of empty. As in, 'nothing left to drown in'. 'No more gasoline with which to burn'. I dry my eyes with napkins.\
\
\
I get up and look in the mirror. My eyes are red and weird-looking, my face doubty and sagging with though, but the part of me that is not physical shows through. "I want to feel better" I say.\
\
\
With my eyes all sparkly and clean I can see the piles of shit lying everywhere, all over my insides. I think about what I've been doing the last year, the last two years - I can't remember cause I'm not sure I was ever really there. Looking forward all the time I missed all the scenery and people trying to hand me cups of Gatorade as I dashed along, only to end up lonely and dehydrated in the middle of nowhere with no idea from whence I came. I feel embarrassed about everything for a while, until I decide there's not a point to that. I look at myself in the mirror. "Yeah, you are a little sick." I don't shave for a while and pile all my hair off to one side. It doesn't suit me. I shave and pat my hair down neatly. "Yeah, you are a little well too." But not a hundred percent of either. You gotta be alright with that. I shake a fist in the mirror. "Get used to it!" I announce to my reflection.\
\
\
Now I'm not going to lie to you - everything is still not ok. But when that bell rings and I feel the fight starting in my head again, I throw the first punch. I know I'm not going to win. But I'm sure as hell not going to lose. I clap my gloves together and smile with a terrifying grin that says "I'm not flinching from your blows, you can take my life but its mine until then so you better fight. I'm not just going to hand it to you. The tears that have spilled down my cheeks have eroded my skin, and what's waiting below is glowing like a bomb about to go off."\
\
\
That big ball of everything, it likes to stay in its corner after that. Its strange, though it doesn't have a face, it shows more courtesy than any living thing I've ever seen.\
\
\
Anyway, that girl, she's at my apartment again, and we're sharing a pizza. She doesn't seem like she wants to spend the night. She tells me several stories about boys who seem like they had their heads on straight but all ended up in the discard pile again.\
\
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\
\
My friend shows up at my appartment with a six pack of my favorite beer. "You still on the meds?" he asks. "Yes, but I am ok with that." I respond. He shrugs, he does not understand why that is significant. He's just put off that I can't drink. I am too. But I know he wants me to feel better to in a masculine, detached sort of way. That's why he has brought beer.\
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\
I should have known from the beginning, no one defeats the world. Who takes a swing at the world? But it doesn't click. I sit on my couch feeling much better but still chocked up about something.\
\
\
I want to write. I want to dream and draw. I don't want to kill myself with worry. I don't want to be drugged up. But the world in between is somewhere out of reach, somewhere between napping in parks and jogging in them. I feel tears coming. I have not cried in years. I worry I will not remember how, but after a few heavy sobs I get my bearrings again and let it out in a long sustained moan.\
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\
\
I think about what the girl in my bed said to me, that she was scared. I was scared too, even though I used a fancy metaphor. It's the same thing. I think about the blackcats.\
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\
\
For some reason now I am laughing in the sobs. I think, it is hard to tell - my emotions are a mess, my head is neopolitan icecream melting all the colors together in a brownish-green mess. "I don't know!" I yell at my clock. "Not a fucking clue!" I holler at the napkin holder. I am crying and feeling for now reason, feeling everything, unrestrained. "I am living!" I yell at the coffee table. That is all I know. "No one's going to hold me!" I cry out my window. "No one's going to listen if I don't tell them!"\
\
\
I am definitely laughing now. I scream unitelligably. No coherency. Just the\
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
\
\
Life - that is as much of a show as anything else. And passion, that's enough of a fire to light a wick, to set a series of actions in motion - while I was standing there teasing the audinece my subconsicious got impatient and lit the fuse. And weren't we both surprised to see that those weren't blackcats at all, no, that's dynamite, and i was holding them so close that first blast blew my sanity all over the floor leaving me to pick it up over a series of months. So strong was the blast that it shook my floor and I wouldn't believe that you didn't feel a little shake where you are too.\
\
\

\f1 \uc0\u65440 
\f0 \
}