{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=9888}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28460\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale129
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Big Plan\
\
	It was three o\'92clock in the afternoon, but it was still freezing out in a small Utah subdivision near a lake.  A narrow, snow-shovel width of clear pavement ran in each direction of the sidewalks, but besides that every surface within eyesight was covered in two and a half feet of snow.  The lake, which was visible from where Eric walked, was frozen and almost as white as the snow; the sky was grey and almost as white as the lake, and the whole thing wrapped around him endlessly without a single loose seam.  A small black dog danced on a leash in front of him, making quite a production out of the icy banks that stood as tall as he did, which held his weight only momentarily before collapsing.  \
	Not far from where Eric was living was a small park, one with a large plactic playscape his dog enjoyed very much.  He would run up and down the raised platforms like a maniac, ascending and descending plastic stairs, suspended bridges, and faux-rock embankments of hard molded plastic.  It was a pretty good park when it wasn\'92t covered in snow - currently only the terrier\'92s ears protruded from the powder as he fought against it, panting.\
	\'93Not today, buddy,\'94 Eric sighed, tugging the leash from a nearby bench.  He stared at the greyish lake.  \'93No, I know, not much fun here.\'94 he continued, though there was no one to hear him.  \'93Nothing here at all.\'94  The silence encouraged him.  He put his hand up and tried to point towards Oregon.  \
	The park sat on a hill, with streets running parallel to eachother at the top and bottom.  While Eric sat at the top, his dog running laps around the hidden playground, a school bus pulled up to stop sign at the park\'92s base, tearing the monochrome with a flurry of darting, laughing coats and backpacks.  They dispersed in different directions down the adjacent streets, except for three, who made their way up the hill and through the park.  Two boys and a girl.  The girl was appeared to be in a hurry, moving quickly, while the boys pushed eachother and meandered in the same basic direction.  \
	\'93Where are you going?\'94 one the boys called to the girl, pushing long strands of hair out of face.  It was snowing lightly, and the moisture was matting his hair to his forehead.  \'93C\'92mon, we were serious.\'94  The other boy laughed, his hair curly and disorganized beneath a baseball had with a flat bill.  He shoved the first boy in the side.  \'93Amber come back, let us\'94 he bade in a half cajole, half demand.  \
	The girl\'92s face was serious, and as she climbed the hill she refused to turn her head back and acknowledge their calls.  The boy with long hair gave a quick look around, then jogged up to the girl.  He leaned into her and said something that Eric could not hear, but made the girl jerk away in disgust, quickening her pace.  The boy\'92s expression turned hard as he grabbed her elbow.  \'93Don\'92t say no,\'94 he said gruffly, and then he said something else Eric could not hear, and as the girl struggled to free herself from his grip Eric began to feel uneasy.  He wrapped his dog\'92s leash around the base of the bench.  \
	Without much cause or warning the boy threw the girl into the snow, and leapt atop her.  She screamed initially, but the boy covered her mouth with one hand while pulling up the sleeves of his grey hooded sweatshirt with his teeth.  \'93Joey man . . .\'94 the boy with the curly hair said, appearing both scared and intrigued by what was happening.  \
	Suddenly, the boy with long hair\'92s face was bloody; as a combination of several factors, involving inertia and relative surface tension, allowed Eric\'92s fist to cut quite smoothly through the skin on the boy\'92s cheek.  The boy let out a yelp as he was propelled off of the girl into the snow next to her.  The boy with curly hair ran forward, sheepishly at first but then with perceivable resolve, but Eric\'92s fist was also stronger than the cartilage in the boy\'92s nose, and his snow boots were stronger than the boy\'92s stomach lining, and the snow where he landed eroded like a mountain waterfall where the blood met with top layer of fresh powder.  Eric\'92s dog barked erratically in the distance.  The boy with long hair wobbled to a standing position, with a crazed look in his eyes, but shrunk slightly upon observing that Eric was clearly much taller, older, and was currently doing quite well with the odds against him.  Still, logic is not a key component of fighting when you are already bloody, and so the boy swore loudly and ran at Eric, only to receive a painfully familiar blow to the same side of his face.  The boy landed in the snow again; his eye was bleeding a little and his jaw hurt immensely.  \
	\'93Whraagdmmmbggg . . .\'94 the boy said, expressing at once his dissatisfaction with the current situation, as well as pain and disbelief.  \
	\'93Give me your ID cards.\'94  Eric stated, making a beckoning motion with his hands.  \
	\'93Whraaarrrg?\'94  the boy with long hair asked.  The boy with curly hair was still rolling around moaning, not yet ready to verbalize his feelings.  \
	\'93You have school ID cards right?  Give them to me.\'94\
	\'93Whraht . . . doo\'94\
	\'93GIVE ME YOUR IDS AND GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!\'94 Eric yelled.  The boys, with one hand still cradling some injured body part, quickly rooted through their wallets and produced two laminated cards with names, barcodes, and portraits of them before their faces had been severely damaged by a stranger\'92s fist.  Eric collected them one at a time, said thank you, and then kicked the boy with long hair in the face.  He let out a sharp cry and tears formed in his eyes as he and his friend crawled and stumbled away.  \
	Eric turned to view the girl he had defended.  Her hair was dark and flaked with snow, her lips red but not from blood thank god, the rest of her wrapped in a long, red, fitted peacoat.  She looked about fourteen.  \
	\'93You ok?\'94  Eric asked.  The girl had a look of disbelief in her eyes similar to that of the boys, but was augmented with a look of impression rather than agony. \
	\'93Yeah I\'92m fine, are you ok?  I - I wasn\'92t expecting you to hit them.\'94\
	Eric shrugged, looking down and massaging his right fist which had began to ache.  \
	\'93Or kick Joey in the face.  Wow, I\'92ve always wanted to do that.\'94\
	\'93Did you know them?\'94 Eric asked.\
	\'93I guess,\'94 she replied, \'93They ride my bus.\'94 \
	Eric looked around.  The boys had left and could no longer be seen.\
	\'93You live around here?\'94 he asked.\
	\'93Yeah, up there.\'94 Amber replied, pointing towards a street.\
	\'93I should walk you home.\'94 Eric said, turning.  \'93Let me get my dog.\'94\
	\'93No no no its ok they live in the opposite direction and besides . . .\'94 she stalled, Eric was already up the hill.  He untied the dog, which ran down and around Amber, attempting to relive the excitement he had missed vicariously.  \
	\'93I\'92m Amber by the way.\'94 she said, rubbing the excited terrier\'92s face, \'93Thank you SO much, you didn\'92t have to do that.\'94  \
	\'93Don\'92t worry about it.\'94  Eric said, beginning to walk in the direction Amber had pointed.  \'93I\'92m Eric, this is Jet.\'94  The dog bobbed ebulliently at the mention of his name.  He was getting a much longer walk than normal.  \
	\'93So, those guys . . . what happened?  Have they done that before?\'94\
	\'93No no no, they\'92ve never done anything like that.\'94  Amber said, a hint of embarrassment in her voice.  \'93Well what happened was that me and my friends, we were just kidding but, we were making jokes about us being prostitutes and stuff.\'94\
	Eric nodded, confused.\
	\'93Totally a joke, like, Jessica, my friend, we said that she\'92d sleep with anyone and so she said that I was a skank that made out with every boy I could find, or like . . .\'94 Amber was going to elaborate, the humor seemed lost on Eric so she cut the explanation short.  \
	\'93Anyway, Joey and Brian overheard us and we told them we were joking, but they kept saying stuff about it the whole ride home . . . \'94\
	Eric nodded again.  \'93You shouldn\'92t say stuff like that around teenage boys.\'94 he said.  \'93It doesn\'92t take much to get them going.\'94\
	\'93Well I know that.\'94  Amber insisted.  \'93Still, that was . . . excessive.\'94  they walked silently in the stillborn afternoon.  \'93How old are you?\'94 Amber asked.\
	\'93Twenty two.\'94  Eric replied.\
	\'93Ah.\'94 Amber replied.  She turned up a driveway and pointed to the house\'92s front door.  \
	\'93This is me!\'94\
	\'93Are your parents home?\'94 Eric inquired.\
	\'93Uh yeah my dad is.  Why?\'94\
	\'93Do you mind if I talk to him?\'94  Eric was already halfway up the driveway.  Before Amber could amplify her discontent he was ringing the doorbell.  An older gentleman answered the door, glaring suspiciously at the older stranger than accompanied Amber.  \
	\'93Hello.  Are you Amber\'92s father?\'94 Eric asked.\
	\'93I am, can I help you?\'94  Then man adjusted his belt, glaring at his daughter.  Amber rolled her eyes.\
	\'93I was walking my dog when Amber got off the bus, and a couple of boys, also from the bus, assaulted her.\'94  \
	Amber eye\'92s widened.  \'93Weeelllll . . .\'94\
	\'93I beat them up.\'94 he continued.  \'93These are their ID cards, I would think you\'92d want to call the police or the school or something.\'94\
	\'93 . . . Thanks . . .\'94  Amber\'92s father said slowly, still putting all the pieces together, but wearing a reassuring smile.  \'93And, I\'92m sorry, who are you?\'94\
	\'93Oh, I\'92m Eric, I was just walking my dog Jet.\'94  Jet, who had been wriggling patiently at the doorway, whined a little.  \
	\'93Well thank you Eric.  Alright,\'94  he said in a sort of authoritative manner, \'93Let\'92s get all this straightened out.  Amber, you owe Eric a big thank you.\'94\
	\'93I know I did dad.  Thank you Eric.\'94\
	\'93No problem, \'94  Eric said.  \'93Be careful, ok?\'94  He said a bit softer, directly to Amber.  She smiled and nodded.  She petted Jet goodbye as Eric turned and walked back in the direction of the park.  \
\
	The next day, Eric walked his dog at the same time, to the same park.  He sat idly at a bench, glancing at his watch, as his dog feted in the snow.  Both perked when they heard the school bus approaching.  }