{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=3954, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17900\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This Town Doesn\'92t Need Two Doctors\
\
	The intersection was barren, snowy and void of trees, houses, or anything of varying color or texture to seperate the eggshell sky from the fields that lined the roads.  The car was in park, the turn signal on, and Molly, she was hunched over the wheel, her sleeve up on the dash, wet with condensation.\
	The road Molly had intended to turn on to was a narrow two way street that lead from town to a host of new subdivisions that were close to the lake but twenty miles away from the nearest grocery store.  She wiped fog from the inside of her windshield with her sleeve.\
	Molly had parked at the stopsign because there was never traffic, on either street, especially at this time of the day, and her stupid heater wasn\'92t going hard enough and she couldn\'92t see a thing anyway, so why not put on some lipstick.  Molly looked in the rearview mirror.  She was, she thought, at an age and maturity level that seemed appealing, an age she had looked forward too, but was being let down by somehow.  It was like it came at the wrong time of her life.  She thought about it alot.\
	She was definitely at the right age for lipstick.  When she was younger it looked strange on her, she could tell she was too young for it despite wanting to wear it so badly, all her friends already carrying all sorts of colors and flavors with them.  Big dangly, noisy keychains.  She was the only girl in middle school whose lips were made of flesh and not some fruity substitute.  She had had nothing to smear on the lips of prospective boys at the dance that ended at nine o\'92clock.  \
	The lipstick did not work now though, assuming it was ever going to yield results, though it should.  It was not her age, there were other reasons.  Molly thought of them and tried each one on like a winter coat, like a friend\'92s arm, but none fit, and she knew herself to be insincere.  The boys and men at the dance hall looked at her strangely.  There was many of them and only one of her, so statistically speaking, but they were not like the boys that had once wanted to dance with her to slow R&B hits in the darkened gym.  She thought this about almost everyone.  Still these boys, and the girls they did dance with, were different.  Like two piece puzzles, their fingers aching from lack of wedding band they snapped together like magnets as parents, relatives made sighs of reliefs and pointed to them discretely from across the dance floor.  \
	Molly had not come with parents or relatives.  She told everyone how she had moved here for work.  The cupped her hand gently and led her around the still lit fellowship hall.  She did not know it was going to be in a church.  Were they called churches?  She could not remember.  She knew very little about the space she was occupying.  She knew very little about the people she was spinning in circles with.  She was handled differently, she could feel it.  Not bad, just different.  Separate.  \
	She had not worn lipstick.\
	They seemed like people that did not wear lipstick.  But when she got there some of them were, some of them weren\'92t.  That\'92s not what was different.  She just wanted to discover the differences and cover them up, before anyone could notice, but they were not things that could be hidden, it appeared.  They knew right away.  She was trying to be insincere.  She was trying to be something that people appreciated, someone that men wanted to dance with.  But as if the result of drawing straws she was politely lead around the floor by three men, silently, dutifully, and as people began to trickle out of the room, with printed cards with phone numbers and contact information, she knew herself to be alone still.  To be separate.  To be insincere.  To be insincere and still not right, still not wanted.  She was almost too old, she could feel it.  Not old - at an age and maturity level that seemed appealing, an age she had looked forward too, but it was still not right.}