{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=13540}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale122
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 1/6/10\
Writing writing writing\
I am listening to Queen, which my sister gave to me . . .I am having a good time, quite literally.  I am pretty drunk, and Ima trying to stay there.  It is cozy and it is snowing out quite badly.  Actually, it stopped at like 5, but it is thick and I fantasize about not going to work tomorrow\
I am listening to Passion pit and thinking about my dad.  I imagine him screaming the vocals, all desperate for my mom to come back.\
It hurts to write that a little bit.  Is it cathartic?  Or interesting?  These are two big points that must be addressed\
Oh god, this beer is nasty.  Ususally I get a 12 back of multiple beers, but today I decided on 2 six packs instead - both were bad choices\
That nasty Frambozen beer from New Belgium - it has its roots in Abbey, that\'92s for sure.  The other one is just too hoppy.  But man, Abbey is bad.  I like everything else New Belgium makes, but this is sick.\
I was thinking I was going to make up a story, but now maybe I\'92m not.  I\'92m pretty caught up in the music.  I feel like masturbating and watching anime.  But not masturbating to anime, I\'92m not there yet.  That\'92s TOO far.  Usually.  \
Anyway I am trying to develop habits and stuff.  Get into the habit of writing so that all the meaningful concentrate I harbor can eventually find its way out and steep in the watery goodness of humanity.\
Super Mario 64 still holds this strange mystery to me.  Its like the game is deeper like the last hole in mini golf, there\'92s some hidden weirdness behind it.  I wonder if this is true.  \
Oh god this is so incoherent.  I wonder if this is right.  I think it is.  We must not give up.  \
That Fireflies song makes me feel pretty good, sort of.  I feel like I missed the boat on that one.  Its one of those things were the whole world agrees that they like it suddenly, and even if you want to deny it because its so popular, you\'92re still like, \'93yeah, that\'92s pretty catchy\'94.  But not this time.  I can see the seams, I feel like I\'92d be doing just fine if I\'92d never heard this.  Nothing personal Owl City, you just sound exactly like a homogenous blend of your influences.  \
\
I have been trying to remember things.  Here are some things I remember\'92d lately:\
\
The office in grocery stores on the second floor, protected by mirrors, where my mother told me people stand and WATCH US.  Shaun confirmed this; they have undercover security visit about twice a month.  \
\
Sitting in the cabin in Kentucky.  I have a large bucket of sour patch kids straws.  Matt is drumming with some dowel rods and a painters bucket while Chris plays guitar and sings.  There is a filthy bathroom and everything is connected by rotted wood.  There is a hole above my top bunk bed where things will crawl out at night and devour me but I am having too much fun to be concerned. \
\
\
1/7/10\
\
Last night, or early this morning rather, when I didn\'92t want to get up and go to work, I thought about Anna Craig and DECA state at the Broadmoor.\
\
1/8/10\
\
When I wake up I feel all squishy and like I just want to watch movies all day and not think about ambitions and how I am running out of time to do amazing things.  I feel like riding my bike around a sulking and dreaming about love and meeting the right people.  \
\
1/15/10\
\
I feel just awful.  I think I am getting sick; flu-like.  I should have gotten the swine flu shot, I am going to die.  I am depressed and lonely and listening to a TV envagelist yelling over Death Cab playing in the background.  I want to meet a pretty girl and settle down and lie in bed with her and not think about the things I\'92m not writing and the people I\'92m not impressing.  I want to sleep at night and hold her and not think about things.  I want to fall asleep sitting up, watching TV.  I want to know what it feels like to relax and to not be able to hold my eyes open another minute.\
\
\
STEP 1:  I QUIT MY FUCKING JOB\
\
	Its midmorning, about 10:30.  Its early in the week, and shit is already falling apart.  There is yelling in the other room.  My manager is IMing me about my comps, my PM is IMing about my deadlines.  At last everyone congregates around my chair. \
	They explain to me the situation.  It is dire.\
	\'93Nick, we need everything, right now.\'94\
	\'93And we refuse to pay you more\'94\
	\'93Yes, and you must work later, forever.  See, this is reality.  This is the only way that things are.  We must fix this problem or our lives will immediately end.\'94\
	They look to me - this is my time to shine, to develop a plan, to not sleep and be sitting in my chair the next morning, holding a cup of coffee, brushing some dirt off my shoulder as I explain that everything is fixed and that another normal day will now commence.\
	I stand up.\
	\'93Here\'92s what we\'92re going to do,\'94 I explain,  \'93Everyone here can go fuck yourself.\'94\
	I state this so plainly, they are caught off guard.  Is this a joke?\
	\'93Ido, you can go file a Craigslist ad for this job.  ATTN: Idiot.\'94\
	\'93Jen, you can go tell our biggest client that they\'92re not getting the redesign because you set a ridiculous deadline without consulting with the poor chumps that actually do the work.\'94\
	I walk to the main room; everyone has heard by now.  They have been listening discreetly.  \
	\'93And everyone out here can join me.\'94\
\
	Steps divulge into sub-paths from here.  In one, me and at least fifteen other employees run cheering from the building, and attack a bar at midday, cheers to the new life we are embracing together.  In others, I wander the streets alone, happy, it is sunny and I feel fine.  The paths rejoin that night though as I sit at a bar alone.\
	\'93I don\'92t know what I do.\'94  I admit sheepishly to the beautiful girl sitting next to me, the girl next door type who is here because she is just trying to be a part of something, anything.  She sees in me the single other light in the dark bar.  \
\
	That\'92s a pretty good one.  Here\'92s another.\
\
	I get the call mid-morning, in June.  I am bursting with excitement.  I don\'92t know how to articulate it.  I\'92ve taken the call out in the hallway, in the stairwell, and as I rush back in, trying to decide who to tell, but I am greeted by a crowd of angry people gathered around my empty chair.\
	\'93Where have you been?\'94 Ido exclaims.\
	\'93We NEED those comps!\'94  Jen whines.\
	\'93Nick, can you hear me?  Is he in the room?\'94  Laura is teleconferencing from Maine.  \'93You are awful.  I\'92ve been telling Ido and Jen about it.  You do not work fast enough.\'94\
	They nod in unison.  \
	\'93Ok ok,\'94 I explain, \'93This is what we\'92re going to do.\'94\
	I look at Ido.\
	\'93YOU can find another designer.\'94  I am not bitter.  I am overjoyed.\
	\'93What?!\'94 Ido exclaims.  \'93What do you mean?\'94\
	\'93No no no you 
\i can\'92t
\i0 \'94 Jen stammers.\
	\'93I mean that you can find someone else who want to do this job.\'94\
	\'93You want more money then?\'94 Ido asks.\
	\'93I 
\i did.  
\i0 But it doesn\'92t matter any more.\'94  I hold up my cell phone.  \'93I just got a call from Penguin.  They\'92re publishing both of my books.\'94\
	Shaun errupts in rude clapping, Tyler does so awkwardly.  The dep team smiles; they dare not challenge the events but are secretely proud and happy for me.\
	\'93How soon?\'94 Ido asks.\
	\'93I\'92m flying to New York tomorrow\'94 I tell him.  \'93And the signing check, before even royalties, is triple what you pay me in a year.  They\'92re saying its the next Harry Potter.\'94\
	They would have said the next Twilight, but this is what I tell them.\
	Shaun is patting me on the back.  \'93Drinks right?\'94 he says.  \
	\'93Yeah, let me get my keys.\'94  I say.\
	\'93Right 
\i now?
\i0 \'94  Ido exclaims, \'93
\i You can\'92t . . .
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Oh, I totally can.  And you should have totally seen this coming.  You paid me shit, you treated me like shit, how could you think I\'92d want to be a gentlemen and give you two weeks.\'94\
	I put my backpack on.\
	\'93I\'92ll leave my keyboard unlocked.\'94  I wave to the team.  \'93Bye fellas!\'94 I say, like when I leave at night.\
	\'93Bye Nick . . .\'94 they say, trying to hid their smirks.\
	I don\'92t hide mine.\
\
\
1/16/10\
\
Maybe I do not have swine flu, maybe I am not going to die.  I\'92m sure it was a close call.  I took one of my personal favorite medications, NyQuil, and drifted into a contented slumber.  I always want to stay awake when I take it though.  Right before you drift off, there\'92s this glow of contented euphoria - its the alcohol and the medicine playing tricks with your head, and that knowledge that you can let go now and that Nyquil is going to take it from here, that you are going to feel better when you wake up.  I want to hold on to that feeling so I push, I let my mind flood with my wildest dreams, and they are further colored by the delicious spin of cold medicine - it\'92s truly magical.  \
\
1/23/10\
\
I saw a church today called Second Reformed Church of Christ.  That name kind of implies that alot of mistakes has been made.  \
\
1/25/10\
\
I am embracing my insanity.  I feel it so strongly today, there is definitely something off about me.  But i don\'92t feel like this is wrong anymore, or frightened by it.  I feel empowered in the discovery.  I feel strong.  \
Last night I dreamt of wearing women\'92s clothes.  Preceeding this I was drunk and looking at blogs of pretty underage girls (fully clothed), and I was so high off of my writing, I felt they were cheering me, some invisible cherubs that longed for me and applauded my brilliance.  I FELT it, their siren call, and as I drifted off into sleep I felt my mind driving endlesssly into the mystery of the feminine, the high priestess, and so wrapped up in this regret and confusion, this profound sexual frustration, that I dreamed of dressing myself as a woman, and I was filled with guilty sexual energy upon waking.  Where could I obtain these clothes?  Would I be brave enough to buy them at walmart or something?  I though about his in a half awake stupor.  Upon shaking the dream I dismissed the thoughts, and though they are subtler now, the still haunt me with energetic curiosity.  Is this something I really want?  Have I been alone to long?  Is my self conscious making a deal with itself, that if I cannot procure a woman, that I will become one?  I do not understand myself.  But the thoughts and feelings channel themselves as I contemplate Erin and the divine mystery she holds within her.\
	I am not scared.  I think this is making me more powerful.  I\'92ve been listening to this song by Florence + the Machine, the chorus goes:\
	\'93This is a gift!  It comes with a price!  Who is the lamb and who is the knife?\'94\
If this gift that I got on July 6th 2008, this paralyzing awareness, if the writing is the gift are these thoughts the price?  Is the cost of my work complete consumption of the things that will make me normal?  Brilliance in exchange for my peace?   Finally, I am feeling like a made the right choice.  I can teeter here for years, I have!  This can be a way of life.  It is ugly and scary and must be hidden in many respects, but at last I am seeing in myself the lives I\'92ve seen of so many brilliant writers.  And more than anything, I no longer fear falling off the deep end.  I can balance this, keep a job, interact normally, but peel the third eye from beneath my skin when I am alone.  I will always be alone.  I feel that decision has never been mine since the beginning.  \
\
1/26/10\
\
Tonight the inarticulate rage refuses to organize itself into poetic genius.  I was trying to write on the couch and it wasn\'92t going, so I moved to the studio . . . that wasn\'92t working either, so I masturbated and scorned myself for resulting to such barbaric methods to focus myself.  This didn\'92t help either.  I made another pot of tea, listened to a wide variety of music, but I just couldn\'92t make it stick.  It\'92d be alright if these days were rare, but unfortunately they\'92re unsurprisingly common.  I wish I could discover the root of it so I could correct these habits.  Its sort of what I\'92m working on lately.  That and everything else.  But anyway, life is going pretty good right now, and I\'92m not that stressed when I come home, so this is some nice fertile soil into which I hope to plant some brilliant plot lines.  Do I sound to sure of myself for a talented person?  Don\'92t the best artist fill their journals with self deprecation?  I\'92m not sure.  I think I just need to be my own biggest fan.  No one is fawning over my work, I can\'92t even get people to read it.  I\'92ll I\'92ve ever really gotten is baseless praise grounded in me using my time for writing instead of stupid things like so many other people.  Anyway, I don\'92t mind the tumultuous ups and downs, but I really just want to make it more consistently productive.  \
	Also I almost gave one of my characters epilepsy today, but thought better of it.  I started research it and had a mini freak out and I\'92m pretty sure I almost had a seizure.  THEY CAN HAPPEN AT ANY TIME.  Eugh.  Guess I\'92ll just have to stick to mental retardation.  It\'92s less poetic, but then again, I don\'92t secretly fear waking up stupid.  \
\
1/27/10\
\
I just watched The Hangover and somehow it got me all sentimental for friendships and what not.  And somehow that lead me to looking up pictures of Laura on Facebook.  I remember the night I held her in bed and thought I was embracing some sort of reward, but I was wrong about that one too.\
\
\
3/19/10 \
\
Just want to recap some things that have been happening lately - \
\
Kristal received a bunch of flowers in her car after an oil change.  She insists that this is normal and not because she is a pretty girl.  I have never received flowers from my mechanic.\
\
Kendal insists that the company was created to be sold and that we will not have jobs in four years.  I work with the strangest people.}