{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=38983}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17900\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 Sweet Chariot\
\
By Nick Anderson\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	In heaven, there are no angels.  There are lots of people, people who lead average to extremely good lives, but in no way do they share the characteristics associated with angels, other than that they are dead and in heaven.  \
	There is much less to do in heaven than most people think.  Since there are so many people it was really heard to find a type of music everyone could agree on, so it was decided early on that things should just be kept quiet.  There is no real architecture in heaven either, so everyone sits more or less indian style on a great plateau of clouds, trying not to be rude by bothering  the person next to them.  \
	Basically, you have two options.  The first is that you can lay on your back and stare into the sky, relishing in the fact that you have no more responsibility and no chance of physical harm or death.  This in itself is very nice, for a great realization of the unimportance of life occurs after death, the way the problems you had in high school seem silly and insignificant five or ten years later.  \
	Your other option is to lay on your stomach, push your face through the soft clouds, and watch the many people on earth, and all the things they do.  You can zoom in on them (after you are dead your eyes become remarkably more useful, retractable lenses whirling around in their sockets so that you can see through walls and watch ants work; you will see it when you get there, it is really quite amazing.).  And you can keep track of the lives of people and perhaps find a story arc that is interesting to you that you can see through to completion.  But by the time you\'92re dead, kind of like after you graduate from high school, you\'92re pretty much over all the stuff that is going on down there.  Though this provides some initial entertainment when you first arrive, this activity is quickly forgotten.  \
\
	However.\
\
	There was one day that everyone, and I mean absolutely everyone, lay face down watching the streets in a cold sweat, piercing tension hanging all throughout heaven.  \
\
	It started very simply.  A boy, about thirteen, who had just died lie face down watching his sister play in what was formerly his backyard.  This was not a forlorn activity, for as previously stated the boy had come to realize that the things that transpired down there were of little to no consequence.  he was simply fascinated by the way his tiny existence had scabbed over in a matter of only a few months becoming a seamless scar covered by the sleeve of life\'92s daily routines.   Anyway, as his sister played, the boy noticed a strange white van slowing to the stop sign in front of his house.  Out of it wandered a parade of elderly women and men, some descending from a slowly lowering wheelchair ramp.\
	Leaping from the driver-side door came a man in his mid-forties, with greying hair and thin-rimmed glasses.  He was dressed in a suit that mimicked the appearance of a police uniform, though the man clearly had little to no authority.  A slight pot-belly bounced awkwardly above his belt as he dashed like a sheep dog, attempting to corral the aging flock.  \
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins I told you this before,\'94 he intoned with a helpless plea, \'93you can\'92t sit by the door if you\'92re going to open it.  When it\'92s time to get off I push the button and the door opens by itself.\'94\
	\'93But the door 
\i didn\'92t
\i0  open by itself.\'94 explained a sassy woman near the front of the now obedient group.  \
	The man in the uniform wiped dewing sweat from his forehead.  \
	\'93That\'92s because we weren\'92t getting off right now.  We don\'92t get off every time we stop.\'94\
	The woman raised her arms to express her exasperation and began to re-board the bus.  \'93Thank you, thank you guys.\'94 the man called as he made his way back to the door.  \
\
	\'93His name tag said Tom.\'94 said the young dead boy, who was still trying out his new eyes.  No one was particularly listening to him, because that would be rude, and they were busy looking at the sky, so he was ignored.  The boy sank his head back into the clouds.  Tom had put the van in gear again and they puttered off, down the neighborhood home.  \
\
	It was nighttime and the dead boy with retractable eyes lay on his back, waiting restlessly for the rest of the world to wake up.  not even the slightest whisper permeated the wakeful air of heaven, most eyes were fixated on the deep sky or wandered around the crowded complacent shapes that filled the cloudy plateau.  Someone very far away coughed.\
	The boy turned to his stomach and searched the city for Tom.  The boy, so recently deceased, still harbored trace connections to the living, a smokey vapor that was dissipating, and perhaps that was the reason the boy felt a tinge of empathy for Tom.  The boy had watched him drop off his elderly patrons at the group home, then drive himself back to his one bedroom home beneath a water tower.  Tom had swallowed a small pill and gone to bed and had been asleep since.  On Earth it was almost dawn, but in heaven there are no clocks. \
	When the sun began to rise again, the boy with retractable eyes blinked, and scanned Tom\'92s room.  He was already dressed and lacing his shoes, his quiet home emanating with the hum of an air conditioner.  They van, which he parked in front of his house, started cheerfully in the promised warmth of a late May morning.  Within half an hour he had a cab full of fussy geriatrics.  \
	\'93It\'92s so 
\i warm
\i0 !\'94 moaned a woman in the front row of seats.\
	\'93I appologize Mrs. Jenkins,\'94 Tom replied stoicly,  \'93The AC is broken.  I\'92ve put in a maintenance request.\'94\
	\'93Those lazy bastards never fix 
\i anything
\i0 .\'94 she hollered.  \'93Damn car\'92ll be a ball of 
\i rust
\i0  before they touch it.  At least crack a window.\'94\
	\'93No, noooooooo . . . \'94 bemoaned a man in the back row, \'93My hair, you never think of my hair.\'94\
	\'93You both know these windows don\'92t open.\'94  Tom sighed, knocking two fingers against the bolted down glass panes.  \'93Besides, the museum has very good air conditioning.  You\'92re always cold when we leave.\'94\
	\'93I\'92ve been to that damn museum a hundred times, I don\'92t know why we have to go there again.\'94\
	\'93I think the museum is nice!\'94 cooed a soft looking woman.  \
	\'93Like hell it is, Edna, its a crock a shit is all it is.\'94\
	Tom sighed and reminded Mrs. Jenkins not to swear.  \
	Inside the museum Tom stood in front of a diorama of a prehistoric couple sharing a meal over a fire.  Fake fabric flames danced over a portable fan while a spotlight faded from orange to red.  \
	\'93Damn landscapes don\'92t make a lick of sense.\'94 Mrs. Jenkins yelled from another room.  Her voice shook Tom from a sort of trance, and he hustled awkwardly to locate the scattered passengers.  \
	\
	\'93I think Tom is dying,\'94 the dead boy in heaven said out loud.  A few people turned their heads slightly, but in general he was once again ignored.  \
	\'93Nor really,\'94 he went on, \'93I think so because he\'92s taking same pills I was before I died.  The tasted awful because they were so strong and they worked really good but they wouldn\'92t give them to me until they were really sure.\'94\
	Still silence.\
	\'93I heard my dad talking to my mom after I died and he said \'91You knew you knew because they told you the pills would make him comfortable.\'92  and they did, I really didn\'92t even feel anything.\'94\
	Finally , the rudeness of the boy could not be ignored by the other inhabitants of heaven any longer.  \
	\'93What do you care if \'91Tom\'92 dies, now or later?\'94 asked a man a few feet away.  \'93Everyone dies.\'94\
	\'93Yes, but,\'94 the boy said, \'93But I don\'92t think that Tom should yet.\'94\
	Everyone laughed at this.  Even the boy began to question what he was thinking.  \
	\'93No no, its just that I\'92ve been watching, and from what I\'92ve seen, you . . . well, I\'92m sorry, what did you say your name was?\'94\
	The laughter reached a fever pitch.\
	\'93My 
\i name
\i0 ?  There are no names in heaven.\'94\
	The boy no felt completely sheepish and intruded upon, so he lay down with his blushing face in the clouds.  \
\
	Mrs. Jenkin\'92s voice had reached a truly distracting volume.  \'93All I\'92m saying is that this photograph has clearly been doctored, as the city council building is right 
\i here
\i0 ,\'94 she said pushing her finger into an area of sky in the glass-framed picture, \'93and therefore this picture has no place in a museum.\'94\
	\'93That picture was taken in 1887, Mrs. Jenkins.\'94 Tom said.\
	\'93Then why the hell would I want to look at it?\'94\
	\'93Some people like to consider the way things used to be, Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93Well, I don\'92t know why.\'94  Mrs. Jenkins grumbled as she began to hobble into an adjacent exhibit.  \
\
	The ride home from the visit was silent - whether it was a contented one depended on the passenger.  Some were already asleep, though it was barely 4 o\'92clock.  \
	Mrs.  Jenkins sat with her arms crossed.  Tom knew better that to set a tap to the vile obscenities fermenting beneath her surface, yet vapors escaped nonetheless.  \
	\'93God damn . . .\'94\
	Tom sighed and kept his head forward.\
	\'93God damn museum . . .\'94\
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins,\'94\
	\'93God 
\i DAMN
\i0  that crotchety old museum and all of its . . .\'94\
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins, please . . .\'94\
	\'93We\'92re all dying Tom.\'94\
	The cab stirred with uneasiness.\
	\'93Not one of us here have more that five years left, that is except you Tom, which makes this all the harder to understand.\'94\
	Tom, in his training, had been told over and over again how neccessary it was to neever mention the age or subsequent conditions of the people he was to spend his each day shipping around.  He was then understandably unsure how to approach Mrs. Jenkin\'92s assault on the thin barricade standing around reality.  \
	\'93 . . . What do you mean by all that, Mrs. Jenkins?\'94 he asked cautiously.\
	\'93What I 
\i mean
\i0 , Tom,\'94 she replied with mocking inflection, \'93Is if this is all we\'92ve got left, if we\'92re halfway out the door as it is, they why the hell are we wasting what little bit of life we\'92ve go left?\'94\
	\'93No swears, Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93Hell isn\'92t a swear and you\'92re not listening to me.  If you\'92re afraid we\'92re going to die doing something reckless doing be.  Most of us are going to die in our sleep, or in the kitchen making some warm milk, and I don\'92t know about all of you here but I don\'92t want my last sight to be those god awful tiles.  And I don\'92t want the last think I remember to be some shitty black and white pictures from before I was even born.  Is it such a stretch that maybe I want to ride a bike one more time?  See live music?  Are you in such a rush to throw the lid over the lot of us?  You want to get in while you\'92re at it?!  Why don\'92t you just shut off the van and we\'92ll all sit here real still \'91til death comes for us.\'94\
	The passengers looked around at eachother, and worriedly at Tom, who they were sure had some sort of limit, as all people do.  Tom continued to look straight forward.  \
	\'93Hell is a swear, depending on context.\'94 he stated plainly.  They had arrived at the group home, and slowing to a stop he pushed the button that opened the door with a quiet electric buzz.  Mrs. Jenkins moved her way to the top stair of the van\'92s exit, and turned and looked at Tom sadly.  When Tom refused to return the eye contact she sighed and bobbed slowly away, through the sliding glass doors to her room.  The other passengers wandered off, one by one, looking tenderly at Tom but he was unresponsive.  As the door shut Tom pulled away and drove home quickly, without exceeding the speed limit.  Wandering into his room he let another pill slide from the amber bottle into his palm.  \
	\'93Wow, he\'92s only got twelve left.\'94 said the dead boy in heaven, as he zoomed in on the vial\'92s contents.  \'93Those pills aren\'92t the kind you get refills on.\'94\
	Whereas silence spreads amongst some people, it encourages others.  The boy couldn\'92t help but feel alone as he gazed down upon the darkened town, though he was not alone and he voice certainly carried.  \
	A middle aged woman near the boy had been listening and watching this show that the boy took such interest in discreetly.  She was about three feet away from him, so when she pushed her face through the clouds she could see him at a comfortable distance.  \
	\'93 . . . Are you watching that man still?\'94 she called to him.  \
	The boy looked over at her and smiled honestly; though death had, of course, taught him the uselessness of human connection, this was the first time sincet that anyone had acknoledged his (non?) existance, and it felt strange and good.  \
	\'93Yes,\'94 the boy answered, I\'92ve been watching him alot, and I\'92m just . . .\'94 Knowing how ridiculous his next words would sound, \'93I\'92m just worried about him?\'94\
	The woman nodded, a vague sense of understanding filling her.\
	\'93When I was alive I remember feeling worried about people.\'94 she said.  \'93Not since I\'92ve died though.\'94  They shared again a confused, but contented smile.\
	\'93I had a son that was your age once,\'94 she continued,  \'93He was very emotional and had a lot of problems because of it.  Because he was so young, most of the time he came across so selfish, the way he acted; he\'92d cry and scream over what seemed like nothing, every little change was met with so much pain and lack of understanding.  Naturally, I wasn\'92t surprised when the first thing I was from here was him crying on his bed, his face pushed into the crevice between the mattress and the wall.  I imagined that had to be the most painful thing for him to date.  But when I listened to his sobs, he wasn\'92t crying for himself, for his own pain.\'94  The woman turned the memory over in her mind, the way a blind person may grope a handrail.  \'93He was saying to himself \'91Mom, mommy, mom, its not fair, you never got what you needed or what you deserved\'92.  I remember feeling that way, before I died, that I had given everything and had never gotten it back.  I was quiet about it though, I never thought anyone knew that about me.  Or why of all people he would care about that.  Life is unfair from the begining, we know that, yet here he was bemoaning my silly life not being everything it could of been.\'94  she siged.  \'93For a second I felt like I understood him, but the feeling faded and I lauged a little.  I just couldn\'92t picture it anymore.  But hearing you talk about Tom, I start thinking about it again . . . and I was thinking that I\'92d like to feel that way again.  To understand what my son was feeling.\'94\
	The boy nodded, soaking in what had been the longest monologue that had ever been uttered in heaven.  \
	\'93I want to understand that feeling too.\'94 he said.  \'93I would tell you my name, but I can\'92t remember it.\'94\
	\'93I can\'92t remember my name either.\'94 the woman conferred.  \'93There are no names in Heaven.\'94  She said this matter-of-factly, but with an intonation almost like an unanswered question.  Nodding again, politely, they turned their stare back to Tom\'92s sleep, which was for once disturbed and eventful.  He was having a dream.  In the dream he was holding a glass store-front door open for an endless line of people who walked through it at a slow and constant pace.  His arm was burning with pain; for what seemed like years they piled in while Tom waited for a break in the line, for someone to hand the door off to so that he could enter.  Finally, Tom saw a sizable lull in the stream - timing his steps, he pivoted himself before the entrance - but when he saw what lay beyond the door, it was too late.  He was being swept away by the crowd.  As his foot crossed the precipice and he awoke with a scream.\
	\'93That 
\i would
\i0  be frightening\'94 said the woman, and the boy agreed, for they could also see dreams.  \
	It was almost dawn, so Tom lied worriedly in bed, waiting for the time his day typically began.  He closed his eyes and feigned sleep, attempting reconstruct the pattern his morning usually followed.  It was to no avail.  The van started with a tired rumble and the wheels ticked slowly into motion, the engine accelerating slower than normal.  It took Tom an extra 10 minutes to reach the group home.  \
	\'93You\'92ve been driving the same route for 20 years, how it is you can manage to show up 
\i late
\i0  is beyond me.\'94 Mrs. Jenkins yelled from her seat, inches from Tom\'92s ear.  \'93So mad I could spit but these damn windows don\'92t open.\'94  \
	\'93My appologi-\'94 Tom started, but instead began coughing.  \'93My appologies Mrs. Jenkins.\'94 he stated again.  The dream remained with Tom into the daylight; it nibbled at his composure like a caterpillar at a piece of looseleaf.  \
	\'93Where are we off to today, Tom?\'94 Mrs. Jenkins asked in her feistiest tone.  The cab of passengers were still silent wrapped in an early morning fog, but Mrs. Jenkins spun on like there had been no night to wake from.  \'93Tell me Tom, will we be visiting the 
\i museum
\i0  again?\'94\
	\'93Ooooh I 
\i love
\i0  the museum,\'94 carroled the quiet woman in the back.  \'93You know, we haven\'92t been 
\i there
\i0  in 
\i ages
\i0  Tom.\'94\
	\'93Jesus Christ Ethel, I  . . . oh, Ethel . . .\'94  Mrs. Jenkins laid a hand on the woman\'92s knee with a look of both frustration and empathy.  The woman clasped the hand happily and smiled vacantly in Mrs. Jenkin\'92s direction.  \
	\'93Tom, look what you\'92re doing to these people.\'94 she lamented.  \'93Don\'92t take the Lord\'92s name in vain Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93Ohhhhh Here it comes again.\'94  Mrs. Jenkins spat on the carpeted floor of the van.\
	\'93Do not spit Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93If you\'92re not going to do anything, then I\'92m going to.\'94\
	\'93What do you mean by that, Mrs. Jenkins?\'94  Tom was certain Mrs. Jenkins could do nothing to upset the van ride besides yell, very certain.  \
	\'93Harriet, stop it\'94 protested a woman seated directly behind Mrs. Jenkins.  \'93The car is much too small and much too hot for all this hubbub.\'94\
	\'93Open a window!\'94 cried another woman.\
	\'93My hair . . .\'94 cried a man.  \
	\'93Tom,\'94 Mrs. Jenkins moaned, \'93I feel so confined . . . Is it so much to ask for a little air?  To feel the wind in my hair again?\'94\
	\'93The windows do not open for your safety.\'94 Tom stated, in a line which can be found verbatim in his training manual.  \
	Mrs. Jenkins inhaled and puffed her chest full of resolve.  \'93Then I will break one.\'94\
	\'93Now Mrs. Jenkins,\'94 Tom began to say, but no sooner had he started did the base of an aluminum walking cane come hurtling past his face into the the windshield, making a loud 
\i THWACK
\i0  as it bounced off the glass.  Tom ducked and jerked the wheel wildly, swerving the car into an adjacent and thankfully unoccupied lane.  Mrs. Jenkins stood in the center of the van\'92s tiny aisle, griping the cane\'92s handle like a loaded gun.  Taking another deep breath, she rammed the cane forward again, this time producing a small crack where it hit.  \'93Cover your eyes, Ben!\'94 she hollered.\
	\'93Harriet, no!\'94 Tom hollered as he scanned the busy street for a place to pull over.  \
	\'93I WANT TO LIVE!\'94 she shouted as another forward thrust produced a larger crack and tiny splinters of glass that trickled of into the street and onto the dashboard, into the A/C vents.  \
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins, you are about to lose privileges for the whole group!\'94\
	The van shook wildly as it began to straddle the edge of right lane and the overgrown field it bordered.  \
	\'93We HAVE no privileges!  Fresh air is not a PRIVILEGE Tom.  FREEDOM is not a PRIVILEGE!\'94\
	The van suddenly lurched as it hit a large lump in the field.  Tom skidded the car to a stop as the passengers cupped their hands to back window panes, attempting to make out what lay in the dirt, about twelve feet behind them.  Tom bolted from the driver side door, careful not to step in the tiny trail of blood that lead from the back left tire to the small, furry mass - a tiny, young rabbit turned on its side, feet still twitching as though they still chanced escape.  Tom coughed again, feeling this one deep in his chest., as the van door opened and the wheelchair ramp began to lower.  \
	\'93You forgot to lower the ramp, Tom.\'94  Mrs. Jenkins called to him.  \
	\'93We dont,\'94 Tom said, shaking, \'93Every place we stop we don\'92t . . . THIS IS EXACTLY LIKE YOU, EXACTLY WHAT YOU DO!\'94,  tears lit like an oil slick across his face, \'93You act and you don\'92t think at all what it might mean for another person!  You just storm your way through everything without an ounce of courtesy and PEOPLE GET HURT.  THINGS get hurt.\'94\
	\'93And I suppose your way is flawless?\'94  Mrs. Jenkins yelled back, excited.  \'93To just keep scurring out of everybody\'92s way, just keep smiling and doing everything someone else tells you to so you won\'92t stick out, well that\'92s a perfectly AWFUL way of life and I think you know that Tom, how can you even get out of bed in the morning?\'94\
	\'93And how is it you sleep at night?  This . . .\'94 Tom gently stroked a tiny, crushed paw, \'93This is a baby.  It never had the chance to live.  It was on its own side of the street, but its dead because of you.\'94  \
	\'93Oh, so I was the one driving now.  I was the one that tried to slow down and stop everything, just as things were beginning to happen.\'94\
	\'93What was I supposed to do?!\'94\
	\'93Keep 
\i up
\i0  with it, Tom.  Things move fast and you\'92ve got to accept that.  You can\'92t stop the current, if you do that you\'92re going against what the world\'92s got planned and THAT\'92S how things get HURT Tom.  YOU are the reason things are hurting.\'94\
	It was already hurting him.  He stared, vexed, into the lucid half-open eyes of the dying creature.  Releasing it Tom stood, and walked slowly back to the driver\'92s seat of the van, and pulled the door shut.\
	\'93Oh, you\'92ve really don\'92t it this time Harriet.\'94 said one of the van\'92s occupants.  \'93He\'92s probably going to go drive off a cliff.\'94\
	\'93Maybe he\'92s going to back into you, Harriet.  You should move.\'94 said another man.  But Tom just sat inside, without starting the car.  \
	The boy and the woman stared down from the sky - if it were possible to hold a white-knuckle grip on a cloud, there would be a clump of it in each fist.  \
	\'93She broke him.\'94 the woman said.  \'93I think she really broke him.\'94  The boy nodded, eyes fixed on the top of the van.\
	\'93No, I don\'92t think that at all.\'94  Suddenly an older man\'92s head poked through the bottom of the clouds, turning to face the woman and the boy.  \'93All that - see it reminded me of this conversation I had with my father once.  I was probably nineteen, and I was asking him for money again.  I was trying to tell him that I couldn\'92t make ends meet just pickin\'92 bugs off of the grape vines and he said, \'91Well who\'92s fault is that?\'92 and of course at the time I said \'91Hoover!\'92, or \'91Old man Baker!\'92 or anything but myself.  And he said to me, \'91When you were born your mother and I were livin\'92 in a tree trunk behind the old ranch outside of town with no money for any damn cigarettes or gin and I made it work.  Clearly, the problem is YOU.\'94\
	The woman and the boy nodded along attentively to this strange new story they were being told by this strange new man.\
	\'93Well he didn\'92t give me any more money after that and I hated him for it and after that he was just another part of my lot of things that were keeping me in that horrible place I was in.  It wasn\'92t til years later that my list became so long that I was forced to admit to myself that maybe it wasn\'92t the whole world trying to bring me down; that maybe I was doing that all by myself.\'94\
	The man said this pointing to the boy and then the woman, giving them a scrutinizing eye.\
	\'93Well, when everything finally clicked, I had a moment like that.\'94  Now the man pointed down towards Tom.  \'93Cried like a damn fool.  For a while.  But when I was done with all that, you know what I did the very next?\'94\
	\'93What?\'94 asked the boy.\
	\'93I went down to Old man Baker and told him I\'92d been pickin bugs long enough and that knowin how it was everything worked around there that it was about time I started helping with the planting.  I told him how much I wanted a day and he said that\'92d be fine.  Then I threw the other boys one hell of a party, and emptied all my gin down their dumb happy throats and I never touched the stuff again.  Two years later I met the love of my life and she never knew that wretched, sad part of me.  Would of never happened had I stayed the person I had been.  When I realized that I was so . . . well, I remember feeling so thankful for that.\'94\
	\'93Well that makes me feel better . . .\'94 said the woman, looking once again to Tom down below.  The boy concurred, his hope so particular and uncharacteristic of heaven restored.  \
	\'93Do you think it will be like that for Tom?\'94 the woman asked.\
	\'93Who knows?\'94 the man said.  \'93That sure as hell ain\'92t me down there.  There\'92s no saying how he\'92ll stomach all that.\'94\
	Below, Tom was sunken deep into his driver\'92s seat.  The tears had stopped and now a humid stillness, like the first moments after a sudden spring rain, permeated the the empty interior, as one by one the passengers re-boarded the van.  They sat in the silence, waiting for Tom to speak first.  \
	\'93I had a dream last night.\'94 he said abruptly.  \'93I was holding a door for a long line of people.  I was just trying to be polite.  But without realizing it I stood there for years, just holding it for everybody else and never getting my turn.  And when I did finally get my turn to enter the door, I finally saw what was through the door.\'94\
	\'93What was it?\'94 asked a man in the back row.\
	\'93 . . . Nothing.\'94 Tom replied.  \'93Just a blank, white void; exactly like where we\'92d all come from.\'94  Tom sighed, readjusting his head on the seat cushion.  Tear continued to well slowly in the creases around his eyes.  \'93All my life I\'92ve told myself that my time is coming, that if I just smiled and kept my head down my turn would come.  Well, that is my turn.  I\'92m just like that rabbit.  His time is gone before he\'92s even had the chance to live.\'94\
	\'93Never the CHANCE to live?\'94 Mrs. Jenkins railed, \'93Tom, you are middle aged.  What about life has been kept from you?\'94\
	\'93I understand your feelings, Tom,\'94 said the soft woman in the back, \'93But that\'92s all anyone gets.  A blank whiteness.\'94\
	\'93She\'92s right Tom.\'94 joined the man from the back.  \'93Nothing\'92s given to you, if you want something, anything, you have to stand up and take it.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s the same damn thing I\'92ve been telling you since I started riding in this damn death cab.\'94 said Mrs. Jenkins.  \'93Tom, what have you 
\i taken
\i0  from life?  What have you pursued, in order to better understand it?  What people have you met that can broaden your horizons?  Don\'92t tell me we\'92re the only people you talk to.\'94\
	Tom sat silently.\
	\'93Tom . . . do you even know our names?\'94\
	More silence.\
	\'93You\'92ve been driving the six of us around this whole time and you don\'92t even know who we are.\'94\
	\'93I know who you 
\i are.
\i0 \'94 Tom protested.\
	\'93No Tom you don\'92t, not without a name.  Do you know why we give things names?  Because they are important.  Because you value them, and you want to be able to find them again.\'94\
	The boy, woman, and man in heaven looked at turned their gaze to eachother.\
	\'93It makes alot of sense, what she\'92s saying.\'94 said the man.  \
	\'93Do you think we should give eachother names?\'94 asked the boy.  \
	\'93I would like that.\'94 responded the woman.  She pointed at the boy.  \'93I would really like to call you Gregory.  That was my son\'92s name.  Do you find that it suits you?\'94\
	\'93Yes!\'94 the boy (henceforth to be called Gregory) beamed. \'93Oh I love the sound of it.  Maybe just because its mine, but really, I think its terrific.\'94  He looked to the man.  \'93Vincent was what I was thinking for you.\'94\
	Vincent smiled and smoothed over his hair, as though he was wearing a new suit.  \'93Well if a Vincent\'92s what I\'92ve made of myself, well then I\'92m right pleased to take it.  And what about you lady, what can we call you?\'94\
	\'93Helen!\'94 the boy said, pointing his finger in the air.\
	\'93I think that\'92s a wonderful name.\'94 Helen agreed.  \
	\'93Are you giving eachother names?\'94  The head of a young girl popped out below the clouds, her long, bristly red hair swinging listlessly down towards the earth.  \
	\'93Yes we are.\'94 replied Helen.  \'93Would you like one?\'94\
	The girl giggled.  \'93When I was alive I named 
\i everything
\i0 ; stuffed animals, blankets, cups, you name it.  It was really quite ridiculous.  It got to the point that my mom put sticker labels on everything so that she would know what I was talking about.\'94 she smiled expectantly.  \'93So yes, I would like one, if you feel like giving me one.\'94\
	\'93I do, Victoria!\'94 Gregory said, throwing his finger at her as if the name needed to be caught.\
	No sooner did Victoria recieve her name did two, then three, then six people stick their heads through the bottom side of the clouds, loitering upside down for the off chance that this silly new ritual be directed at them.  \
	\'93Do you all want names too?\'94 Vincent called in their general direction, and was met with a unanimous YES before he had even finished his sentence.  \
	\'93What is going ON?!\'94 came a man\'92s voice from the topside of the clouds.  Everyone pulled their heads up to see an infuriated older man standing with clenched fists.  \'93Why is everyone giving everyone else names?\'94\
	\'93So it will be easier for us to talk.\'94 explained Vincent.  \
	\'93About 
\i what
\i0 ?\'94 the man exclaimed. \'93What is there to talk about?  We know everything.  We understand everything.\'94\
	\'93We don\'92t though!\'94 Gregory interjected.  \'93I don\'92t understand how Tom feels.  I don\'92t understand the way Tom makes me feel, none of us do.\'94  The other nodded.  \'93I know that when we came here we realized alot of things, but I feel like we forgot things too.  And I think the things we forgot, the understanding, is more important than the knowing.\'94\
	Inside the van Tom was being introduced to his van\'92s occupants.  Mrs. Jenkins had already made her presence quite well known, but beside her there were five other passengers.  \
	To Mrs. Jenkins right sat Margarrette, a tall, plain woman from a formerly well do to family.  She loved terriers and drank tea.  \
	To Mrs. Jenkin\'92s right sat Benjamin, a quiet Asian man who diverted his eyes when you tried to talk to him.  No one had ever heard him speak.  \
	The back row, from left to right, went Ethel, Sophie, Rodger.  Ethel was the soft woman in the wheelchair, often confused by the previous day\'92s events but never the less appreciative of whatever happened to be going on.  Her skin was a translucent white, with red, veiny lines around her eyes nose and mouth like a newborn kitten.  \
	  Sophie was a larger, quiet woman who often appeared to be in her own world.  Typically donning a large perm and cat sweater, Sophie was raised in the South and was the only occupant not upset with the heat inside the van.  \
	Rodger was a true gentleman, wearing a three piece suit and fedora everywhere, even if his trip was just to the kitchen.  He was kindly but not afraid to speak his mind should the need arise.  He drank warm tap water every morning.  \
	And Tom was a middle aged mystery, even unto himself.  the questions the others answered easily left long pauses in his throat, unable to recall a favorite food or season.  He produced no anecdotes both humerous and telling, he was a void.  \
	\'93Tell us Tom,\'94 Ethel stated slowly, \'93If we\'92re to get to know you, the way you\'92re getting to know us, maybe tell use what you 
\i do
\i0  know.  A memory, perhaps, that even you have been unable to put aside.\'94\
	\'93There is one thing I remember.  That\'92s stuck out.\'94\
	The bickering masses in heaven paused, and exchanging inquisitive glances, turned their attention to Tom.\
	Tom extending his arms and places both palms against the slightly cracked windshield.  \'93My uncle had a motorcycle when I was young.\'94 he said.  \'93He wanted to show it to me, but my mother wouldn\'92t let him.  I didn\'92t even think to question them.  But one night when my parents were having a party he came to my room and woke me up.  We went downstairs through the back hallway into the garage . . . I think he was really just going to show it to me, let me sit on it and what not, but I must have looked just enthralled by it, because he put a finger to his lips and opened the garage door real slow.  Outside was just the purest, blackest night, the kind I was never allowed to go out in.  He held my hand and walked me out to the middle of the street, pushing the motorcycle with us.  He sat down and pulled me up on his lap, right in front.  I heard his hands clicking and twisting some knobs, I couldn\'92t see anything.  Then all of a sudden the whole thing lip up and came to life underneath of us.  I was so scared at first I wanted to jump off, but the purring beneath me was so steady and calming . . . I relaxed, and just as I did we shot off into the night.\'94\
	Tom moved his hands across the windshield like he was petting the clouds.  \
	\'93We probably just went around the block, but it felt like we drove for hours.  The night time landscape was so perfectly vignetted by that single headlight, I believe that was the only time in my life that I was only able to focus on that exact moment, without thinking about what might happen or what already has.  When we got back we pushed the bike back into the garage and he said to me \'91that\'92s something they\'92ll never let you do, or ever forgive me for if they found out, but something that needed to happen.\'92  He said that when i was older I would understand.\'94\
	\'93Well i certainly hope you\'92ve got a grasp on it now!\'94 Mrs. Jenkins affirmed.  \'93Now let\'92s get rid windshield!\'94  With tremendous effort she once again pushed the cane forward into the windshield, but this time the glass only bowed slightly and cracked no further.  \
	\'93You can\'92t break a windshield that easy.\'94 Tom said.  \'93They\'92re designed not to break.  Besides, we can\'92t do that.  We can\'92t destroy a van just because.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s not 
\i just because
\i0  you moron!\'94 Mrs. Jenkins protested, shoving the cane into the glass again.  She was sweating and panting heavily from the effort.  \
	\'93Just stop it Mrs. Jenkins.  You can\'92t break the windshield by yourself.\'94\
	\'93Well then,\'94 she said, sitting at last to catch her breath, \'93You\'92re going to have to help me.\'94  Shakily she set the cane into Tom\'92s lap.  \'93If you want to feel that way again, like we all do, you\'92ve got to fight for it.\'94\
	Without a word, Benjamin stood and retieved the cane from Tom\'92s hands.  Slowly he pulled back and gave the windshield a single, focused 
\i THWACK
\i0 .  Exhausted by this simple action he sat back down, as Margaret stood to take the cane, and on down the row did each passenger give the pane of glass one deft blow, until it reached Ethel.  Standing was, in itself, its own feat - using the cane for its proper use first she approached the windshield, and balancing herself on the back of Tom\'92s chair, raised the cane slowly as if it were made of lead.  With every ounce of strength concievable she let the cane meet the glass with a soft tap.\
\
	Tap.\
\
	Tap.\
\
	Tap.\
\
	\'93We can\'92t, Tom.\'94 Mrs. Jenkins said.  \'93Though we desperately want to, we aren\'92t able.  You 
\i can
\i0  Tom.  You can feel again.  Its still possible for you Tom.  Just outside that glass is a whole world, full of everything, 
\i waiting
\i0  to be embraced.  Open up the glass and 
\i feel
\i0  it!\'94\
	Tom starred pass the sparse cracks, out the window.  In his mind he overlayed that one dark night, the single headlamp glaring deep into an expanse of possibilities.  \
	Clasping his hands around Ethel\'92s, he pulled the can back with her, to its furthest extent, and slammed it forward with such velocity that every window in the entire van burst into innumerable shards, a shower of slivers so tiny that the sky looked as though it was raining pure sunlight.\
	In heaven, Gregory, Helen, and Victor were holding hands.  Whether their combined thoughts had anything to do with the events happening on earth is impossible to determine.  But at this time about a thousand people had names, and whole acres of them lie face down, observing Tom.  \
	\'93THAT\'92S what I\'92m talking about!\'94 cheered Mrs. Jenkins.  \'93Now we\'92re cooking with gas!\'94  	A sweet breeze now blew freely through the ban.  Tom laughed happily.  \'93Where are we off to first?\'94 he asked.\
	\'93Oh for crying out loud.\'94 Mrs. Jenkins shook her head, exasperated.  \'93Don\'92t ask 
\i me
\i0 , Tom.  You have to ask yourself that.\'94\
	\'93Oh, of course Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93HARRIET for crying out loud.\'94\
	Tom nodded, \'93Oh of course, of course . . .\'94  He narrowed his eyes as he imagined the possiblities.  \'93No, no particular place comes to mind.\'94\
	\'93Oh, for Chrissake . . .\'94\
	  \'93Well, let\'92s start with someone else.\'94 Tom suggested, \'93Does someone else have someplace they\'92d like to go?  Someplace to seek out, to chase this feeling?\'94\
	Rodger raised his hand.  \'93I\'92ve a place I\'92d very much like to visit again, if its alright with everyone.\'94\
	\'93Sure Rodger.\'94  Harriet replied.  \'93Where do you want to go?\'94\
	\'93See,\'94 he explained, \'93There a cafe not far from here where I met my wife.  I\'92d liek to have my usual, a coffee and a croissant, one more time.  They won\'92t let me have coffee anymore, they say it makes me restless.  I have to pour warm water into a mug and make believe like a damn fool.\'94\
	Harriet shrugged.  \'93Well, its a decent start.  Restlessness - that\'92s a good thing!  People need to be restless, its what keeps them moving!\'94  \
	\'93Do you remember where it is, Rodger?\'94  Tom asked.\
	\'93Like the back of my hand.\'94\
	The group cleared the stray glass from their seats and buckled their seat belts as the van began to roll in the direction of Rodger\'92s index finger. \
	In about ten minutes they were rolling through a decaying strip mall, and Tom was begining to doubt Rodger\'92s memory.\
	\'93Its up around this corner, on the right.\'94 Rodger directed.  \'93It\'92s a hidden little place, out of the way, that\'92s why I always liked it.  Our little secret.\'94\
	Tom pulled around the corner, rolling slowly into the parking lot of a 7-11.\
	\'93Oh no . . . \'94 Ethel muttered sadly.\
	\'93Well Rodger, I\'92m sorry . . .\'94 Tom said, \'93It - it looks like its a 7-11 now.\'94\
	Rodger cleared his throat and fixed his tie.  \'93Well, we will have coffee here then.\'94  He stood slowly, suppressing a joyous smile, and made his way out of the van, towards the automatic glass doors, a trail of passengers behind him.  \
	Entering the convience store, Rodger approached the counter.  \'93The usual, my good man.\'94 he said to the young man behind the counter.  The boy looked up from the hot dogs he had been rotating, confused.  \
	\'93A coffee and a croissant, you dope!\'94 \
	The boy, still dazed, snapped into action, then stopped:  \'93Well, the coffee you get yourself for that machine over -\'94\
	\'93Like HELL I do.\'94\
	\'93Uh, yes sir . . .\'94 the boy scurried over to the coffee machine, and began to fill a styrofoam cup himself.  Popping on a flimsy plastic cap, he hurried it to Rodger.  \'93Also, we don\'92t have croissants.\'94\
	Rodger sighed.  \'93Well, what do you have?\'94\
	\'93Umm . . . how about a breakfast burrito?\'94\
	\'93That will do, I suppose.  Table by the window please.\'94\
	The boy was looked around nervously.  \'93Um, I\'92ve very sorry sir, I\'92m really trying, but we don\'92t have any tables or chairs.\'94\
	Rodger fixed his glare onto the boy, into him - \'93Listen boy, I\'92ve been coming here ALOT longer than you\'92ve been working here - how long have YOU known this place?\'94\
	\'93Ah,\'94 the boy shirked, \'93I just started this week, I\'92m so sorry, I don\'92t know if you have a regular thing or something, my boss didn\'92t say anything about - \'94\
	\'93Ok ok,\'94 Tom interjected, \'93Let\'92s not scare the boy any further, he\'92s trying his best.\'94\
	\'93I have a folding chair and a card table in the back - \'94}