{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f0\fs22 Marketing degrees are becoming an increasingly popular college degree for a reason - people with marketing degrees earn roughly 10% more than the median salary of those with other degrees.  But the true draw of a marketing degree is flexibility.  The swiss army knife of college degrees, they lay the groundwork to literally hundreds of different jobs, in a variety of different fields.  Here’s just a small sampling of what you could end up doing:
\par 
\par Marketing Assistant - $38,799
\par Number of funny youtube videos watched per day: 4-5
\par \pard\sa200\sl0\slmult1 Creativity exherted: 10%
\par \pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Cups of coffee per day: prefers diet mountain dew
\par \pard\sa200\sl0\slmult1 The starting point for a lot of graduates, working as a marketing assistant is a great way to get your foot in the door of your industry of choice.  Since all types of companies need marketers, you have almost limitless options when it comes to the field, whether that’s technology, medical, green energy, or many others.  Though a marketing degree isn’t essential to getting an entry level marketing job, it will help you with advancement - people who have the skills and the degree are more likely to snag promotions and new opportunities.  
\par 
\par Copywriter - $43,325
\par Number of funny youtube videos watched per day: 3
\par Creativity exherted: 30%
\par Cups of coffee per day: 1
\par Proving yourself as a marketing assistant can lead to more specialized work, like that of a copywriter.  In recent years the role of copywriter has shifted from traditional print media to encomass online media as well - in fact, its not uncommon to land a job writing for the company blog or managing their social networks.  You can also use this position to gain deeper knowledge in areas like design, market research, project management, and many other skills that will help you build an even stronger portfolio of skills.
\par 
\par \pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Product/Brand Manager - $93.247
\par \pard\sa200\sl0\slmult1 Number of funny youtube videos watched per day: 1-2
\par Creativity exherted: 75%
\par Cups of coffee per day: 3
\par Having input on your company’s marketing influence is great, but owning a brand or product let’s you take your ideas to the next level.  You’ll still have senior management over you, but you’ll be given the space to develop and implement your own creative strategy on the projects you own.  And while letting your own talents shine, you’ll be proving to your seniors that you have the skills to drive projects from a high level, a neccessary talent for further advancement.
\par 
\par \pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Marketing Director - $136,867
\par Number of funny youtube videos watched per day: 0-1 
\par Creativity exherted: 100%
\par \pard\sa200\sl0\slmult1 Cups of coffee per day: 5
\par As marketing director, you’ll have ultimate control of your company’s marketing efforts - from overseeing staff, to outlining new strategies, to researching and brainstorming the next big idea, working as a marketing director is the appex of your marketing degree.  From here you’ll have the freedom to take your experience to new outlets and industries, push boundaries, and maybe even create the next big concept that will shape the industry.
\par 
\par Ah, the winding path of the marketing degree.  This is only the beginning of course, as possibilities are virtually endless with a well rounded eduation and the desire to make your ideas happen.  The fact is, every modern business is reliant on people that can get their product or service in front of the right people, at the right time, in the right medium.  And if you think that might be your thing, a marketing degree is an essential place to start.
\par \pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 
\par 
\par \pard\sa200\sl0\slmult1 
\par 
\par \pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 
\par 
\par \pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\f1 
\par }
