{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\fs22 If you’re pursuing a web design degree, you’ve probably noticed how varied your classes can be - some days you’re spending hours in photoshop tweaking a pixel perfect design, others you never see the outside of a DOS command window.  With such a wide array of niche skillsets available, you may be wondering where you should throw your time.  Any web program is going to stock you with the basics - HTML, CSS, Javascript, your fair share of backend and design courses.  But to really round out your skills, you need to go above the status quo and learn the things that are affecting the industry right now.  Whether they’ve hit your class syllabus yet or not, here’s some must-have skills for anyone looking to prepare themselves for real-world work.  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par CMSs like Wordpress, Joomla!, and Drupal
\par 
\par Believe it or not, very few web projects begin with a blank HTML document.  Though this certainly depends on the project's scale and intended user base, you’re going to encounter CMSs much more than you may think.  Especially in the case of smaller firms, it’s in your best interest to deliver the client site they can update themselves, without using precious programmer hours to make minor changes.  The CMS used by any given company may be propriatary, but having a solid understanding of a collaborative WYSIWYG editor like Wordpress is the ground floor of larger management environments, like custom PHP or Ruby on Rails systems.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Javscript libraries like jQuery, Prototype, and Script.Aculo.Us
\par 
\par Another thing most web firms don’t do - write all their javascript from scratch.  Sure, there’s some things so unique to your needs that you’ll need to roll up your sleeves and get crafty.  But for everything else, there’s jQuery, Prototype, Script.aculo.us . . . Javascript libraries you can use to accomplish basic tasks like transitions, lightboxes, and even mobile views.  If you’ve seen it done before, chances are there’s an open source community already releasing stable, easy to implement versions of it.  Knowing how to implement javascript libraries for day to day js tasks allow you to crank out the basics while you save your time to work on the unique and not-so-easy parts.  
\par 
\par 
\par git and version control systems
\par 
\par This can be a hard thing to learn at school, as there’s very little use for it in a one-person-per-project envrionment.  Most web students graduate without even knowing what it is, yet it’s one of the first things you’ll be faced with at your new job.  Git is just one type of version control system - a code repository that backs up and prevents the overwritting of code in a group environement.  When you're the only person working on your project - as is often the case in school - its easy to keep track of your code.  But in an agency environement, you might be working on a product with five, ten, even fifty people at a time.  To ensure you're not saving over someone else’s work, git keeps a master copy of your code that you check out, edit, and check back in.  Git tracks the changes made to files, merges your changes with that of your coworkers, and throws a flag if it looks like you’re about to do anything to inadvertantly alter or otherwise sabotage all your hard work.  If this happens there’s always the handy ‘revert’ command to restore any files that might have been changed in error.  Many a project would have been lost if not for the time-bending, fact-checking powers of git, so going into a job with at least a basic understanding of this powerful tool is fundemental.  
\par 
\par 
\par Social media
\par 
\par Yes, this is a ‘thing’ now.  Five years ago you might have laughed at the idea of getting paid to maintain a social network, but these days companies everywhere are using Facebook, Twitter, Foursquare, and the ever-lengthing list of trendy social media gimmicks to promote themselves.  The scene changes daily, and keeping on top of it is a sure-fire way to impress the big thinkers at any company.  But this is more than just being able to rattle off a list of new trends - if your tweets and pings aren’t leading to conversions, you're not going to be keeping that job for long.  Social networks are a tool, and if you learn how to properly use them, they’re incredibely effective.  Study them from an algorithmic level - ask yourself, who’s actually seeing my tweets?  How many people are using the like button vrs the share button?  Does it really matter if someone is the mayor of my company on foursquare?  If you can learn to seperate what creates leads from what creates noise, you’ll be invaluable to any marketing department.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Mobile Site Development
\par 
\par This one should be fairly obvious, but without a knowledge of mobile development, your prospects as a web designer are becoming increasingly narrow.  If your sites don’t have a contingency plan for most major mobile devices, you’re cutting off a huge segment of your demographic; a demographic that increases dramatically each year.  That’s why this is the best time to get yourself schooled on the basics of mobile site development.  Looking at Blackberry’s 35 unique SDKs, you might feel a little intimidated at the idea of a completely cross-device site, but as you get your feet wet you’ll realize that most of what you need to learn you already have a basis of understand for.  In a lot of cases, using a pre-created structure like jQuery Mobile (See?  I told you that’d be important) can streamline the process into a day long activity, instead of weeks of development.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Continual learning
\par 
\par As a web designer, you’re never actually ‘done’ with classes.  To stay marketable means a continual learning process - blink and the industry has moved past you.  Luckily, staying ahead of the curve is a common goal for all web designers, and after your formal schooling is over you’ll find that a second classroom awaits you online - in forums, through blogs, in peer to peer connections - everywhere there are resources and shortcuts and help.  Once you’ve done the hard work of earning your degree and setting your foundation, you’ll have no trouble climbing that next step into your professional career.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \f1 
\par }
