{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\b\fs22 Where to find your next client - Best Networking Events for Web Designers
\par 
\par \pard\cf0\b0\i\f1 Dek:
\par \i0 As a web designer, your skills are more popular now than ever.  Here’s just a few places you can go to find your next client, peer, or contact.
\par \pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\b\f0 
\par 
\par \b0\i Article:
\par \i0 These days, you can barely stretch your arms out without hitting someone who needs a website.  You have a skill, my friend, a skill that many need an few have.  Still, work isn’t going to pile up unless you’re doing some hunting - not to mention that a bit of room for scrutiny and picky choosing can land you projects you really care about.  So you’ve got your business cards, your portfolio site, and are ready to network - but the question is, where?
\par Many schools provide career resources to students obtaing web design degrees, but with your entire student body clammoring for the best jobs, you might be looking to head for open waters.  Luckily, the web, and even \i real life\i0  is full of a myriad opportunities to connect with people you don’t know, and make them beautiful websites.  Here's just a few places you’ll want to check out as you begin your search:
\par 
\par 
\par \b Professional Design Conferences
\par \b0 The best place to start your networking are places designed specifically for that - luckily, the web and design industry boasts hundreds of events a year specifically for meeting new people and learning new things from them.  AIGA, HOW, even Adobe host events all throughout the year, in multiple countries, so there’s a good chance that one is happening within a travelable distance to you this year.
\par 
\par 
\par \b LinkedIn, and other social media\b0 
\par Yes, you could argue whether this is actually an ‘event’ - but social media is, at its core, a global networking conference that never ends.  Having up to date, catchy profiles is a good way to not only connect with potential clients, but build reputation and trust.  A web designer with a great resume and portfolio is one thing, but one with 500 fans on Facebook?  With 300 connections on LinkedIn?  A good online reputation goes hand in hand with your web design degree.  Those numbers might seem a little unrealistic now, but if you work to get one good social connection out of each project you do, you’ll have a full-feeling profile and budding web design career in no time.  
\par 
\par \b Meetups\b0 
\par Meetup.com is more or less what it sounds like - search for events in your area, or create an event yourself to attract people with similar interests. This tool can be used a couple of ways - you can check join in a jQuery meetup and talk code with your peers, or you can seek out meetups with your target demographic.  Meetups involving small or local businesses are sure to have plenty of new ventures looking for a website.
\par 
\par \b Just get out there\b0 
\par Do you want to make concert posters?  Get to know some bands.  Do you want to make sites for coffee shops?  Hang out in coffee shops.  Get to know the staff.  Establish yourself as a local business, because that’s exactly what you are.  I landed my first freelance job by simply telling the manager of a local skateshop that his website was in need of a refresh, and that I’d like to help.  I walked out the skateshop that day with a signed contract.  And a free hat!  How cool is that?  Trust me, people are going to like you.  Just put yourself out there and you’ll be reeling in the work in no time.  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }
