{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang1033\i\fs22 Dek:
\par \i0 Jobs and Salaries continue grow for trained Computer Network Engineering Professionals - check out what types of jobs are available and how much you can excpect to make.  
\par 
\par 
\par \i Article:\i0 
\par The jobs available to people with \cf0\f1 computer network engineering degrees are as vast as the networks they help to create - as the internet and other digital networks contiune to play a larger and larger role in our day to day lives, the need for talented engineers to maintain them increases exponentially as well.  Here's just a few jobs you can land with a computer network engineering degree, and what you can expect to make doing them:
\par 
\par \b Telecommunications Engineer - $46,000\b0 
\par An entry level position for many people with network engineering degrees right out of school, telecommunication engineers work to design, implement, and maintain the various components of communcation networks.  This role acts as a great starting point to learning the techniques and practices of digital networks.
\par 
\par \b Network Administrator - $53,000
\par \b0 Network Admins maintain networks both internal and external of their place of business.  Many companies run their own internal system to aid in their workflow, and as technology, staff size, and work requirements change, they must be adapted to fit current needs.  Being a network administrator allows you control over the system as a whole.
\par 
\par \b Network Engineer - $73,000
\par \b0 Network Engineers make more annually than administrators, as their role comes with greater responsibility - aside from maintenance, Network Engineers are tasked with the creation of networks, updates and patches, as well as the solving of complex problems.  Having already mastered the neccessary procedures and techniques, you’ll be able to exhert more creativity and control in your projects, and put to work more of the techniques you’ve learned in your courses.
\par 
\par \b Cross-Platform Security Manager - $124,000
\par \b0 As more of our lives are conveyed over digital networks, security becomes a higher and higher prioirty for any company sending sensitive customer information through their networks.  Security Managers plan and strategize their network security from the highest level, usually managing a team of engineers to accomplish day to day tasks while focusing on the big picture.  This line of work requires a great deal of creativity and problem solving ability, but compensates not only financially, but in complete control over your work.
\par 
\par And that’s only the beggining - there are hundred of niche roles in a vairiety of fields for anyone skilled in network engineering.  Starting with a degree, and a few years of exeprience, there's a wealth of careers available for anyone looking to break into the computer networking field.  \cf1\f0 
\par \pard\sl0\slmult1 
\par 
\par \i Sources:\i0 
\par http://swz.salary.com/SalaryWizard/Telecommunications-Engineer-I-Job-Description.aspx
\par http://swz.salary.com/SalaryWizard/Network-Administrator-I-Job-Description.aspx
\par http://swz.salary.com/SalaryWizard/Network-Engineer-II-Job-Description.aspx
\par }
