{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\i\fs22 Dek:
\par \i0 For web designers, graduating is only half the battle - read up on some of the more common interview questions for your career field so you can be ahead of the marketablilty curve.  \i 
\par 
\par Article:\i0 
\par You may think that after battling your way through nearly a hundred web design courses, you're ready for everything - your markup clean, your CSS semantic, your (document).ready.  But the interview process is a notorious bottleneck for even the best designers.  Being able to communicate well with a computer is one thing, but being able to make a good impression on the people you’re interviewing (and will subsequently be working) with is a huge deciding factor.  Below are 25 of the most common interview questions for a web design job:
\par 
\par \b Job Related
\par \b0 1.  Why are you leaving your current company?
\par 2.  If you're faced with a tough problem, how long will you spend trying to solve it before you ask someone for help?
\par 3.  Are you able to manage your own time?
\par 4.  If something urgent happens at night or over the weekend and your assistance is needed, are you able to work remotely?
\par 5.  Can you handle a fast-paced, occasionally stressful work environment?
\par 6.  Can you interact professionally with clients via email, conference call, or face to face meeting?  
\par 7.  Are you willing to take on multiple roles (i.e. designer/developer)?
\par 
\par \b Industry Related\b0 
\par 8.  What magazines or blogs do you follow to keep up with the industry?
\par 9.  Do you know what the w3c is, and why it’s important?
\par 10.  What emerging technologies do you think are the most important to start learning and implementing now?
\par 11.  What are some of your favorite sites?
\par 12.  What DTD are you using on current sites?
\par 13.  How much, if any, CSS3 and HTML5 should be used in web projects in order for the site to be accessable by everyone?
\par 
\par 
\par \b Skills Related
\par \b0 14.  On a scale of one to ten, how well do you know (any programming language)?
\par 15.  Are you experienced with working in a collaborative, team environment?
\par 16.  Can we see your portfolio?
\par 17.  Can we see samples of your code?
\par 18.  What skills/languages/techniques are you most interested in learning?
\par 19.  Can you fix this sample of code?
\par 20.  What tools do you use to develop?
\par 
\par \b Company Related
\par \b0 21.  Why do you want this job?
\par 22.  Why do you want to work with our company?
\par 23.  With your skillset, how are you able to add immediate value to our work?
\par 24.  Where do you see yourself in five years?
\par 25.  Is there anything I haven’t told you about the company or position that you’d like to know?
\par 
\par 
\par \i Sources:
\par http://www.gaslampmedia.com/blog/11-common-web-design-company-interview-questions
\par http://www.seomoz.org/blog/interviewing-web-developers-20-good-questions-to-ask\i0 
\par 
\par 
\par }
