{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\i\fs22 Dek:
\par \i0 There’s no end to the courses you can take - but what web design classes are going to be the most relevant as the industry changes?\i 
\par 
\par Article:
\par \i0 Of all the things you can call web designers, ‘bored’ certainly isn’t one of them.  It seems like just as we’ve got everything down pat, someone creates a new language or tenchinque and the whole creation process starts over again.  At this point in the game, you’re no doubt overwhelmed with possible courses and schools of learning.  Still, as much as things change, they stay the same - here’s five courses that retain their relivancy, regardless of what we roll out next.
\par 
\par \b 1.  Usability \b0 
\par The more complicated sites get, the more simply they need to be presented.  Remember - for every flashy, memory hogging Chrome experiment, there are a dozen old ladies who are still getting the whole ‘mouse’ thing down.  Your twitter/facebook/youtube mashup app might be flashy, but if its not easy to use, you’re going to lose out to someone who implemented your idea better.
\par 
\par \b 2.  Graphic Symbolism\b0 
\par Screens keep getting smaller, and the ammount of information we try to squeeze into them keeps getting larger.  If there was ever a time to learn to consolidate your information, its now.  To help simplify things, we’re slowly creating a library of universal symbols to replace words we use frequently on the web.  Why write words like “login”, “expand”, or “Post” if a symbol can say it in twenty five pixels?
\par 
\par \b 3.\b0  \b Typography
\par \b0 That being said, don’t think letters are going anywhere anytime soon.  In fact, with the @font-face introduced in CSS3, the golden age of web type is just beginning.  As your choices expand past serif or sans-serif, knowing the anatomy of a typeface is going to be increasingly important for fine tuning the tone of your sites.  
\par 
\par \b 4.  Color Theory
\par \b0 If you’re old enough to remember Geocities, or even the early days of myspace, you've probably encountered the horrors of a color wheel handed to an ameatur.  Neon green text on neon yellow backgrounds, black text over pictures of emo bands, hover states that trigger seizures.  Without question, poor use of color is the best way to discredit your work outside of marquee tags.  Take the time to learn why some colors work together, and others don’t, and what you’re saying with the colors you do use.  
\par 
\par \b 5.  Fine arts\b0 
\par You know how in ninja movies, the student has to practice a bunch of seemingly pointless skills (washing windows, moping floors) before they're actually allowed to start learning martial arts?  That’s how you may feel sitting behind an easel, standing over a cutting board, or pointing a camera at a sunset.  And like a little movie trope you might complain to your sensei about how this seems completely irrelevant to learning your true skill - web design.  But trust me - there’s a reason for it.  Every element of web design is rooted in the most basic of fine art concepts - color, framing, composition, etc. - and the more you understand these basic components, the more you’ll be able to use them to your advantage.  Web design is still in its infancy, and requires a good deal of adaptability and problem solving.  Should a masked rival approach your dojo while you’re sweeping the grounds, make sure you're prepared to strike.\i 
\par 
\par Sources:\i0\f1 
\par }
