{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\i\fs22 Dek:
\par \i0 Think you’re ready for your first internship?  Take a quick look at these basic steps to getting yourself prepared for your first big gig.  \i 
\par 
\par 
\par Article:
\par \i0 Every great web designer needs a start - and lucky for you, fresh-out-of-school designers are all the rage these days.  Still, connections aren’t going to make themselves - if you come off sloppy and inexperienced, instead of fresh-faced and ready for action, you can lose out on a lot of quality gigs.  On the other hand, being well prepared and savvy can get you in the door a lot faster.  When you start looking for your first internship, here’s some basic steps to get you moving in the right direction:
\par 
\par \b 1.  Get your work together
\par \b0 Some professions are taken at face value - if you ask a hot dog vendor for previous samples of their work, you’re the odd one.  Yet as a web designer, this is all too common of a question.  You’re new to the field, but no one's going to hold that against you if you can show that you know the basics enough to deliver a quiality product.  This is the time to gather your projects from the myriad flash drives you’ve been using, and narrow them down to a few of the best.  Quality beats quantity ever time - a potential employer would rather see four \i really good\i0  projects rather than 30 mediocre ones with a few gems peppered in.  \b 
\par \b0 
\par \b 2.  Prepare to market your work
\par \b0 There's generally three components to this - your portfolio site, resume, and business cards.  Being able to view sampes of your web design online is the most important, so lead with your site - make it your design capstone, and work the resume and cards around it.  Styles should be consistent between the mediums, and work to brand you as an all-out design machine.  Use the site to show case the 4 or so projects we talked about in step one, with the cleanest, most user-friendly interface you can create.  If you want to show off some experimental work, that’s great, but make it a subset of your site - your site should be as ‘invisible’ as possible, so that potential employers have no problem seeing your work, and then contacting you.\b 
\par \b0 
\par \b 3.  Start the search locally, and move outward
\par \b0 Most schools have their own internship fairs, or even internship programs that can be used to track down your first job.  If you’ve been nice to your professors in your courses, they might even give you the recommendation that could be key to landing the gig.  If that doesn’t work, then work you way to job boards like Freelance Switch and Coroflot.  They’ll be more jobs here, but they're less accomidating to newbies - the bigger the board and better the job, the more competition you’ll have.  
\par 
\par \b 4.  Network continuously
\par \b0 Web design is still very much a word of mouth type of business, especially when you first start.  The good news is, almost everyone needs a website!  In that sense, the more people you meet, the better chances you have of finding your next big project.  This is where you’ll find the biggest use of your business cards - hand them to every interesting person you meet, and sooner or later, you’ll be landing some interesting work.  \i 
\par 
\par 
\par Sources:  
\par http://themetaq.com/articles/how-to-get-an-internship-as-a-web-designer
\par \i0 
\par 
\par }
