{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Hey!\
\
How\'92s it going Emily.  I know I already said this, but I really enjoyed talking with you on Saturday(/Sunday).  I was hoping we could do that again soon, though I know that the you-living-in-Greeley thing doesn\'92t make that too easy.  Don\'92t suppose you come to Denver to often?  Maybe I can think up an excuse for you to come down here at some point.  Until then, do you have an email address I can send some stories to?  I\'92d love to get you opinion on some of the things I\'92ve written.  That is, if you\'92re still interested in giving them a read.  \
\
Also, it appears the forces that be have made the makers of that Biggie/The XX mashup pull the album off their site, but I made a zip of it for you:\
http://nickandersonswebsite.com/share/The Notorious XX.zip\
It\'92s really one of the most amazing things I\'92ve ever heard.  I never really liked the synth-y background that alot of early 90\'92s rap had, and I think the depressing indie vibe actually fits Biggie\'92s style really well.  I also put an MP3 of the Pinback song \'91Penelope\'92 up there:\
http://nickandersonswebsite.com/share/1-05 Penelope.mp3\
They sound alot like the xx, I figured you might like them.  \
\
Anyway, hope you have a good rest of the week - talk to you soon! \
\
- Nick}