{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=8312, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17900\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Chapter (most recent) - Emily (Real World - Spring 2010)\
\

\b0 I met Emily for the first time that night that her and Ian came to Sarah\'92s place\
I wanted Sarah to hook us up, but she really loved this guy\
After I heard they broke up, I pushed her to set us up, but Sarah is meticulous and wants to wait for the right time.
\b \

\b0 It was Good Sarah\'92s birthday.  \
I got drunk because I was nervous - we played cranium but I was on a team with Dana, Brad\'92s wife, and didn\'92t talk to her much.  Boys and girls were pretty separate after that\
It got later, and me, sarah, nate, and emily were watching a movie.  We were all going to stay there that night\
Sarah had to go to bed, nate fell asleep on the couch while we were watching MST3K, Emily sat on my couch to my left\
we just started talking, on into the night.  There were some inside jokes made that night, like riding a panther to prom.  Mainly it was me talking,  though every once in a while I would stop talking and she would quietly tell me some cute little story, like her brother and roommate having a milk chugging contest\
By the time I was sobering up, I was too tired to be coherent, so its amazing she talked with me that long\
I scooted closer to her at one point, and she sort of leaned away from me.  \'93Am I too close?\'94 I asked.  \'93I kind of have a thing with space\'94 she told me.  \
I got her number though.  I said something about wanting to talk to her again.\
We stayed up til 6am talking.  I hate staying up late, especially to the point that it gets light out.  But it was worth it.  \
In the morning Sarah and Nate had these smirks of satisfaction after they realized we\'92d stayed up all night together.  Exactly according to plan.  \
The next week Sarah and Nate were gonna come up to Denver to go to the natural history museum, and wanted me and Emily to come with them.  Sarah called me about this the day before, while I was at Matt\'92s bachelor party.  I promised not to get too drunk and be hungover the next day.  Sarah got mad and told me not to swear so much because she was a lady.  I told to work on not calling me when I\'92m smoking a cigar on the roof at a bachelor party.  \
That night we were picked up in a limo by the bachelorette.  It had to be the coolest looking thing, because we\'92re just a bunch of plain dressed guys walking out of a strip club, when a limo full of dressed up girl pulls up and tells us all to get in.  I\'92m a little sloshy and drunk lana is there, which is a different thing entirely from sober lana, and she chats me up pretty hard, and I am leaning into here with a hand on her thigh when a picture is taken\
The next day at the museum, me and emily sort of couple off and explore the place together.  She makes a comment about how small the mummy exhibit is, and I say that we were getting \'91gypt-ed\'92, to which she groans.  She looks at the poor mummy/rich mummy comparison, and says they rich one doesn\'92t look that much better, to which I respond \'91mo\'92 mummy mo\'92 problems\'92, once again illiciting groans.  We look at some scarab beetles pinned to a board.  \'93Do you see any puns you want to point out?\'94 she asked.\
After this we go eat at BD\'92s mongolian BBQ.  Not much here except that other crazy couple that went with us, Lisa from high school, playing the knife game on the table with a steak knife  \'93How do you do it?\'94 she asks her boyfriend, who works with nate.  \'93Like . . . this\'94 he demonstrates\
I drive Emily back to her car, which is parked at my place.  \'93Do you want to come in for a bit?\'94 I ask her.  She does, and stays rather late.  This time I put a hand on her knee as I\'92m talking to her.  Eventually she leans into me and I hold her as we watch TV and talk.\
I ask if I can see her next week, and she says yes.  \
About this time the drunk picture of me and Lana shows up on Facebook.  I worry constantly.  Everything goes fine though.  \
The next week she comes down and I take her to Pasquinis, try to make her like Denver We watch the big lebowski, which I had never seen.  I get the fixins for white russians but I learn that she is lactose intolerant.  I cunningly reveal a stockpile of Mountain Dew.  I try to lace my fingers into hers, fail miserably.  She laughs.  \'93If you think this is awkward,\'94 I tell her, \'93Just wait till I try to kiss you.\'94\
As the night wares on she curls against me and I put on some music.  I remember listening to \'93Slippery\'94 by Page France, as she fell asleep on my shoulder.  She tries to make herself comfortable on the couch and coffee table\
\'93I have a bed you know.  Would that be weird?\'94\
We go into the bedroom and things get going again\
\'93I\'92m one of those people that doesn\'92t have sex before marriage\'94\
we talk and joke, and I kiss her\
we dry hump alot\
we spend the night kissing and holding each other\
The next day - the horrors of dry humping\
The next week she graduated from college, and I went to see her after the whole ceremony\
I started by eating brunch with her entire family, who were kind of country racist\
\'93I\'92m sorry you have to meet my parents so soon\'94\
After her parents left, I hung out with Emily, her brother, and their rommate\
Explain that whole situation\
Watched 300\
\'93Throw the ring in the volcano already\'94\
Tyler is a fucking cool guy\
we get dinner with him and this girl he wants to date, but that has a boyfriend\
When Sarah and Nate show up we are going to go drink at some bar\
We pull up to the bar, and it is crowded\
It is obvious that Emily doesn\'92t want to be in a crowded place like that, so I suggest we just get some alcohol and go drink in her apartment, which we do\
I sit beside her outside Silvermine while sarah purchases more food - \'93Can I buy you a drink?\'94, hand her one that I\'92ve already bought\
We sit in her living room and have a really great time\
wolf farm\
we drunkenly stumble into her room\
we laugh and kiss and she is wearing stockings and it is so easy to rub against eachother\
Its awkward as we sit around, trying to decide what to do, whether to get lunch\
I start to hurt badly, drive home in pain\
The next week we watch harold and Maude, order a pizza\
\'93If maude dies I am seriously going to hang myself\'94\
That night, we get very intimate, down to our underwear, but she continues to pull her clothes back on\
She begins to cry and shake uncontrollably.  She confesses to me - Trich\
Sounds like a horrible dinosaur chicken\
She\'92s only told me and her last boyfriend\
I comfort her by telling her about writing suicide notes because I was so afraid of dying, and getting a call\
Explain that it was Felicia who called, and its one of the worst phone conversations I\'92ve ever had\
The next day we just lie around again, I don\'92t like it\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 BBQ
\i0 \

\i I go to Oregon
\i0 \
Dinner with Matt and Liu\
I tell her I found specialists for Trich in Denver\
Concert with Tyler and Kristal - passing of joints in the abandoned parking lot dancing to Ghostland Observatory\
That night, down to underwear again\
In the morning - tickling her, she pulls the sheets tight to her legs\
\'93Do you not want me to see your legs?\'94\
She shakes her head sadly, denying me eye contact\
Big Hunk\
She comes in the afternoon, all I want to do is stay in and relax\
we\'92re making out, watching Rocko\'92s modern life, and she starts crying\
we break up so gracefully\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Things to include:
\b0 \
Biting the tip of her tongue\
I am generally just an awesome boyfriend\
rolling bed\
never got to hear her play piano\
\

\b The Wedding:
\b0 \
Arrive and she\'92s sitting on the couch, just like the first night\
hang out and catch up, and it quickly slips into old times, minus the physical contact\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 We go to the BBQ, mingle with the Dowdels\
Technically sleep seperate that night as well\
Groomsmen get ready, i feel seperate\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \'93Are you with Emily?\'94\
Sarah and Nate get married - So beautiful\
Hang around too long - \'93Why are you still hanging around?\'94 <- good qustion sarah\
get to the bar - \'93Can you make me a martini with gin?\'94\
beer instead\
sit with Emily, Katie and Guest (Josh)\
Dance, dance dance\
not so bad at all, lots of Emily closeness\
So much better than when we were dating, so open and easy to talk to\
bottle of Vodka and candy\
\'93I know you said that you don\'92t feel like you can\'92t be a good girlfriend to me right now . . . but if you do, would you give me a call?\'94\
\'93Ok\'94\
Worst ok ever - like I was asking, \'93Do you maybe want to see a movie next week\'94, or \'93Would you like fried rice for dinner?\'94\
\'93I don\'92t like it when I have to do that\'94\
Grabbing my pillows\
\'93Goodnight\'94\
separate beds\
fall asleep thinking\
the next morning, coffee\
feels so comfortable\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
The thing about Emily was that she was fragile.  I knew this, and I liked it - I had practiced for years in bitter solitude to become a man that could handle a girl like that.  I really did a wonderful job of it.  I have never been a better boyfriend to someone then I was to her.\
Now that she\'92s gone I just want to lay around the house with her.  I do this now, waste my time freely and on purpose.  It doesn\'92t feel the same.}