{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=22}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale113
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs32\fsmilli16449 \cf0 I Want an Average Love
\fs26 \
\
I know its a cliche, but from the moment I met you, \
I knew you\'92d make a pretty ok girlfriend.\
It was \'93Eh\'94 at first sight.  Your hair drifted so thoughtlessly around your shoulders, in that kind of cut that alot of girls your age have.  Your eyes shone the most typical brown I\'92d ever seen.  In a dark corner of a TGIFriday\'92s you asked me if I wanted to watch Garden State, and if I had ever heard of a show called Arrested Development.  When you told me you secretly dreamed of moving to California I knew - you were the perfectly average maiden I had been waiting for.  \
See, I\'92ve met my share of bleeding anarchists, tortured eccentrics with MFAs in self destruction.  I\'92ve tiptoed around dinner plans for vegans, held the paint smeared hands of artists that only saw me as another canvas.  I\'92ve been the midnight backup plan for the teenage escape artist and promised more than one girl to meet her in Paris once she\'92d been emancipated.\
These loves took me to places I would have never made it to on my own, introduced me to ideas and literature and a myriad of underground subcultures - and frankly I\'92m sick of it.  \
Does your bed have a box spring?  Because I\'92m done spooning non-conformists 6 inches from a decaying hardwood floor.  Poverty is not cool, it never has been, it sucks.  From now on, I want to sit on chairs and eat at tables.\
Picture this:  You\'92ll come home from a long day in an office somewhere.  You\'92ll tell me you\'92re so tired you feel like dying but I won\'92t rush to round up all the razors and knifes.  No, we\'92ll just make spaghetti.  We\'92ll chuckle heartily at the primetime antics of former stand up comedians and put our feet up on an ottoman, that\'92s right an ottoman.  I\'92ve never dated a girl who owned an ottoman.  And we\'92ll watch American Idol.  We\'92ll VOTE for American Idol.  MULTIPLE TIMES.  And maybe to smooth out the evening we\'92ll put on some John Mayer and talk about taking a trip somewhere, when we both get some time off or go for a jog with a couple of lap dogs.  Force me to watch Grey\'92s Anatomy baby, I want an average love.  I want a love that feels like a song you\'92ve heard too many times but is still familiar enough that you don\'92t really feel like changing the station; I want a no nonsense, summer-loving, Facebook addicted-Carrie-Bradshaw-quoting love.  I don\'92t care that you\'92re not that interesting, I\'92m tired of betting all my feelings on a game of pin the tail on the psychopath . . . I always fucking win!  I want a girl with overpriced vitamins in her medicine cabinet instead of translucent amber colored castles.  I don\'92t care if there\'92s no fire and no sparks, that always leaves a mess anyway.  I want a love don\'92t have to clean up after.  I want a love I don\'92t have to erase from my memory.  I want an average love.}