{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Think of the Children!\
by Nick Anderson
\b0 \
\
	I watch the schoolhouse and introduce myself to the children as they leave.  They told me once they don\'92t like it when I do that but I\'92m not causing any harm.  Still I hide around the corner, behind the fence, so that I\'92m not seen.  \
	Children have more interesting days than you would think, and they\'92re more than happy to talk about them.  There\'92s a stereotype about guys like me handing out candy in exchange for a child\'92s trust but its actually much simpler than that.  Parents would die if they saw how easy it was.  See, people think children need to be given something in order to like you.  That\'92s such a symptom of the modern age you know.  Here\'92s what I do, just ask a child a question.  Kids like to talk, they\'92ll tell you pretty much anything.  Not anything weird like \'93Where do you live?\'94 or \'93Are your parents home?\'94; they\'92re taught not to answer stuff like that.  But, for instance, I saw this little girl coming out the other day, holding a paper in her hands, just reading it over smiling.  \'93Did you do well on the assignment?\'94 I asked, and boy she went off.  Best grade in her whole damn class.  I think I already said this, but I don\'92t touch the kids or nothin.  I\'92m not earning their trust for those kind of purposes.  There\'92s lots of reasons to talk to children if you weren\'92t aware.  \
	Anyway, I meet alot of sad kids too.  Ones that say, 
\i didn\'92t
\i0  do so well on the assignment.  Ones that are hungry or cold or picked on.  Sometimes you can look at a kid, and you can just tell the sort of sad adult he\'92s going to be.  Some of them I just know are going to be bitter forever, never really get themselves sorted out.  Not that any of us can boast much better.  Regardless, even if the kids are sad, or maybe if they\'92re happy and real good in math, I know what kinds to use.  So what I\'92ll do is ask them questions, to get a real feel about the kid.  Sometimes after a few exchanges I know that this isn\'92t the one I\'92m looking for, so I\'92ll just pat them on the head and send them on their way.  Other times I know right away, and I\'92ll be like, \'93Yeah, this is it\'94.  When that happens I\'92ll try and get the child to follow me a little bit, to someplace where there\'92s not so many people.  At three o\'92clock the schoolhouse is a busy place, parents driving up, kids wandering across the street blocking traffic - its a terribly loud affair.  So I\'92ll usually get the kid to follow me up past the playscape on the edge of the field by the school.  Its this old rusted playground that I\'92m pretty sure never had anything to do with the school, yet the kids still play on it at recess, though their not supposed to.  Anyway, its just far enough away for no one to really see.  I\'92ll wait til its real quiet and the kid realizes that something\'92s going on.  Then I do this:\
	I bend down and touch the child on the forehead and I say, \'93These places are not new.  A thousand children have wandered this path and they all looked pretty much like you.\'94  If the child nods, I know that they understand (and I\'92ve never once picked a child that didn\'92t completely understand) and I go on.  I say, \'93The ground is sacred.  The air is sacred, your feet are sacred.  Your dirty little tennis shoes are sacred.  Your misfitting clothes and your overstuffed backpack, they\'92re all sacred.\'94  Then I start to stretch them as they become a little malleable, and I wait for them to become wooden.  Every child becomes a different kind of wood.  Sometimes its this dark,  rich cherrywood that just glows a bright red; other times its something like balsa or particle board.  It doesn\'92t really matter, you need all different kinds.  \
	As I\'92m still talking to them, while they\'92re still a little bit asleep, I\'92ll try to stretch them to about the length I want - you have to just eyeball it, you can\'92t get a tape measurer involved, they just harden up too fast.  So I kind of guess and make sure all the corners stay straight, and in a few minutes you\'92ve got a real fine piece of wood.  \
	From there I take them to this old plot not far from the rusty park.  We\'92ve got a whole stack, me and Rodger (who really does more of the construction), and we\'92ve got tools laid out and cement poured and all of that . . . see, we\'92re building another schoolhouse.  We\'92re about halfway there.  When we\'92re done we\'92d really like it if you would come take a look at it.  }