{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title From where Chubs was standing}
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author Nick Anderson}
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=8056}}\vieww28500\viewh17900\viewkind1\viewscale133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	From where Chubs was standing, Chris's bike was gleaming, like the water of the public pool that lay just beyond the chainlink fence it was propped up against.  The frame shined like it had never met the pavement, the wheels a perfect circle, mirror to the divine ratio of the frame - it was everything a Huffy should be.  Chris hadn't even locked it up, again. \
	Chub's swimming trunks were drip drip dripping and making a large splotch on the concrete, growing steadily as he weighed his options.  Chubs didn't have a bike.  He could see Chris in line to go off the low dive, facing the opposite direction.  \
	It was bulletproof logic, really.  If Chris saw him on his bike, he could ride away on it.  Chris wouldn't have a bike with which to chase him.  \
	What Chubs had not counted on was Chris' older brother Matthew being able to drive, which is how it came to be that Chubs was smeared beneath the front right tire of Matthew's truck.  Matthew was sent to jail for vehicular homicide and Chris returned to school in August just like everybody else.\
	Despite having inadvertently helped to kill a classmate, Chris was still well liked by his peers.  He was amiable and smart, which reflected guilt like Teflon; after all, it was often said that all the intelligence in Chris's family had been saved up for him, and everyone knew that Matthew was prone to solving problems in drastic and dangerous ways.  This would not be his first visit to jail.  So Chris felt virtually unaffected by the event, except for on the first day of school when his new teacher (who didn't know what had happened) fixed the seating chart so that Chubs was to sit right in front of Chris, the same position in which he had watched him get eaten up by the front tire from where he sat in the passenger seat.  "Charlie?  Charlie?" the teacher had called, until someone pointed out that he goes by Chubs and that he was dead.  \
	And so Chubs died with the summer, his memory crumpled and brittle like the leaves that soon covered the school and the surrounding playground and neighborhood areas.  They lay there thick and red for a while, but as people treaded over them on their way to here or there, they turned brown and beaten, and blew away in the wind.  \
	Still, there was when Chubs visited Chris.  It was usually at night or early in the morning when Chris had just woken up for school that Chubs would pay his visit.  If it was dark when he got home Chubs would be there already.  He would sit on the foot of Chris\'d5 bed, not making eye contact, just sort of mumbling in this dramatic, depressed sort of way.\
	"So what's going on at school?" Chubs asked.  "After Jake got his cards taken away, what then?  You never told me what happened."  \
	Chris sighed, straightened his collar in the mirror.  "He and his mom had to go see the principal to get them back.  They told him he can't have them here because some kids use them to gamble.  And since some of them are rare and whatnot kids will get in fights and steal them.   That's why he can't bring them."  \
	"But he got them back?"\
	"Yeah, he got them back."\
	" . . . Do you like me?"  Chub's head was hanging even lower than normal.\
	Chris scowled.  "You stole my bike."\
	"You got it back."\
	"The handlebars were all bent up."\
	"I'm sorry."\
	Chris left, as he always did, mid-conversation and without saying goodbye.  He couldn't be late and Chubs knew this, still even sitting directly in front of the clock Chubs seemed to ignore time ands simply talk and talk and talk.  \
	 At school Chris was asked to talk to the counselor about what happened.  She was a kindly older woman who spoke slowly and wore glasses.  Around her office was a plush and slick vinyl museum of various visual aids and tools, spelled out in bright block letters and primary colors.  A dry erase board above her head had a long line drawn that said \'d2COMFORTABLE\'d3 at one end and \'d2UNCOMFORTABLE\'d3 at the other.  Along it was arranged several small smiley face magnents.  There was a clock on here desk, but she had turned it to face the wall.  \
	Chris was sitting on what had to be the only couch in the school.  It looked so out of place on the brownish blue carpet that had been beneath every desk he sat at for the last several years.  But then again everything in this office looked out of place and and strange, including the woman and her slow, easy voice, when just outside the door he could hear the laughter of a hundred children lining up for recess.  He was getting antsy.  \
	The woman asked Chris questions about how he felt and whether he ever thought about Chubs.  He said no, talking and smiling brightly with each answer.  Actually, he was thinking about him right then, as the woman shared Chubs\'d5 affinity for neglecting Chris\'d5 agenda, opting instead to take the longest path from one end of a conversation to the other.  Even as she smiled sweetly, and opened the door for him, her \'d2goodbye\'d3 lasted a decade.  Apparently satisfied with their talk, Chris never had to go back to her primary color fortress of emotions, and took the rest of his recesses on the playground with his friends.\
	Meanwhile Chubs still wandered around Chris\'d5 bedroom, testing the length of the floor from one wall to another, waiting for Chris to come home.  When Chris opened the door he would shuffle quickly into a nonchalant pose, feigning the indifference that he saw in Chris.  Chris would just roll his eyes.  \
	"What do you do all day? "Chubs asked.\
	"I went to school, what do you think?" Chris asked, put off.\
	"Naw, I just never noticed before, how long it all takes."\
	"That's probably cause you don't do anything all day."  Chris was taking pencils out of the small pocket of his backpack.  He hoped Chubs would leave soon, he had so much homework to do.  It made him agitated to hear him drone on and on about having nothing to fill his time.  "Don't you have someplace else to go?" Chris asked. "Where are you when you're not here?"\
	Chubs stretched and sighed.  "Don't really like it there.  Everyone's alot older than me . . .  Its all weird an' . . . So what did Joey say to Jake's trade?  Is he going to do it?"\
	"Chubs!" Chris shouted, griping the side of his desk in frustration.  "Go away!  I have homework!"  Chris caught his breath, closing his eyes temporarily while executing a dramatic deep breath for maximum visual drama, but when he opened them again Chubs was gone.\
	Henceforth, Chris was less hesitant to yell at Chubs.  Every time he did, Chubs would leave.  It became routine.  If he showed up at inopportune times, what was he supposed to do?  Carry on about what he had done all the day when he would just be asked by his mother at dinner again?  There is so much to do in a day without repeating it to everyone you meet. \
	For instance, there was the raking of leaves into great piles in the yard.  Though the trees were all but bare and the streets were clean, leaves still congregated on the thick meshy grass of Chris' front lawn.  Now much past their expiration date, they lie in stiff rigor mortis of a pale dead grey.  They were not good for jumping in, nor for stuffing the lawn pumpkin decorations with.  Still they clung interwoven with the grass, resisting the scratching of the rake.  \
	These lawn pumpkins, large orange sacks with jackolantern faces painted on them, were a famous attraction at Chris' house.  The kids in the neighborhood would come over in the weeks before Halloween and ask Chris' mom if they could help stuff the pumpkins.  This invaribly lead to Chris' mom putting on the spooky sounds tape and baking cookies while the children crumpled pages of newspapers and glossy department store flyers (which always seemed to unwind and retain their flat, undulation-less demeanor) and tossed them into the ominous orange half-full skull.  Chris' mom had never understood their proclivity for what she considered thrilless manual labor.  But she supposed that that is what it is like to be young. \
	Chubs had asked Chris, one recent October morning, when the event would be taking place.  \
\
	Chris was folding and refolding a Dilliard's coat ad.  It wouldn\'d5t stay crumpled.  Again and again he folded and refolded it, cementing the creases with bitter angry palms.  Each time the page bloomed like a flower, displaying a happy middle aged man in a pea coat. Chris looked up to catch his breath, and say a dim silhouette pacing the kitchen through the open door.  It was Chubs.   \
	"Don't you normally put leaves in those instead?" Chubs asked.	\
	"What are you doing?  Go away!"  Chris sputtered.  Chubs had never come outside Chris' room before.  Chris hurridely looked around to see if anyone had noticed him.\
	"Oh just checking up on things.  Been a while right?  Wanted to see how things have changed."\
	"You were just here . . . on Tuesday.  Its only been about a week."\
	"Oh yeah?  I guess you're right.  Just seems like longer."  Chubs circled the linoleum, exploring.  \
	\'d2Chubs, leave!\'d3\
	\
	\
\
	\
\
	Someone would find some large rocks from someone's yard, and when their resting place had been decided upon, Chris' mom would stick them at the bottom to give them some weight.  Three pumpkins total, they were a menacing sight.  \
\
\
\
\
\
	But there's a feeling in Chris' heart.  Is this guilt?\
}