{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=8124}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17760\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\
\
>\
(Greater Than)\
\
By Nick Anderson\
\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
	Table of Contents\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	Used Gloves . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 1:\
Used Gloves\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Peter stood in a line at Goodwill, holding a pair of used gloves.  \
	The deep hum of  a very large air conditioner sang beneath the shuffle of flipflops on linoleum as he inspected the beaten gauntlets, which maintained a perpetual clutch on an invisible garden tool.  Creases formed by someone else\'92s hands were still filled with dried dirt, which broke off as he flexed his inside them.  They were perfect.\
	Gloves are essential, Peter thought. He had to look like he knew what he was doing, like he had done this before.  Preparing to garden was a new concept to him, and though he had thought about it earnestly, the only useful bit of information he could recall was the cuts on his bare hands when he had been younger, pulling weeds in his backyard.  His knowledge of plant life extended no further.  Still, the gloves were a good enough start.  Though shaped by someone else\'92s labor, they would give him some fortitude, some self-assurance.  \
	The store was lively, as was to be expected on a Saturday afternoon.  Inside every clothing rack was an unattended child with splurpee-stained lips, living out a bizarre fantasy in which the vertical repetition of shirt sleeves became something much more magical than machine-dyed fabric.  Peter watched them dash from rack to rack, thinking about how only a thin decade separated him from doing the same thing.  The world is an incredible place, he thought, when you are too young to know better.  \
	Behind Peter the voice of a child became audible, and then painfully ascendant.  Into the otherwise quiet store was introduced a dramatic vocal piece that seemed to invite the other patrons to sing along, if only the words were coherent and familiar.  \
	\'93Aaand aaannnddd there\'92s a chaaaaiiir for saaale . . .\'94 a deep inhale,  \'93there a chair and a table and a deeessssk;\'94\
	Trying not to stare, Peter scanned the store.  A few feet behind him in line was a young boy, probably six years old, one arm outstretched, the other hand held by an embarrassed looking woman.  \'93Shhhhhhh,\'94 she whispered ineffectively, \'93Not so loud . . .\'94\
	\'93Aaaaand e\'92s got; brooooown shorts and a grey shirt, hat on backwards, aaannnnddddd . . .\'94\
	Peter\'92s head spun back to its forward position, his ears burning.  \
	\'93He\'92s got some glooooves, so suppose he\'92s a worker of some soooort,\'94\
	He listened intently to the words, running them through a hidden processor.\
	\'93Looks just plain average to meeeeeeeee\'94\
	Peter thought about this, longer than most people would consider the words of a six year old, while fumbling the hand off of the receipt by the woman ringing him up.\
	Peter was average, undoubtedly.  There were very few outward characteristics that separated him from other 19 year old boys - he was slightly taller and more physically imposing than most.  He had steady eyes that danced when he was nervous but rested when he wasn\'92t, he was well spoken and slightly attractive.  That\'92s what the surface told, at least.  \
	Outside, beams of sun cut hot slits between buildings and trees, warming the pavement to a sponge-like consistency that seemed to sink in with each step.  June 14th, and already the sun was anihilating the interior of Peter\'92s Daewoo.  The small Korean tic-tac had been out of production for three years, its transmission more coveted than spare livers and hearts.  Having seen several owners prior, Peter knew its day of reckoning was nigh. Still the tiny marvel rattled undeterred through neighborhood streets without the tiniest hiccup.  There was a splatter of red on the ceiling that Peter had convinced himself was ketchup, but other than that it was a valiant steed braving the plains of suburbia.  \
	From inside his car, Peter scanned the parking lot.  He was looking for anyone close to his age, anyone who might know him.  It was fairly likely - he had graduated from high school in this town, about two years ago.  Since then he had done what most people would call nothing.  This fact and the stigma that often accompanies it did not trouble Peter; still, he would not have former classmates, or anyone he may know in the future, see what he was about to do.  When at last satisfied with the view from every mirror, his hands released their hard grip on the steering wheel, and with eyes still patrolling, he cautiously twisted the volume knob of the stereo.  The rich falsetto of The Temptations began to waft sweetly from the car\'92s diminutive speakers.\
	Peter is an oldies addict.  Somewhere along the winding path of adolescence he had found a Sinatra album and things had taken a sharp turn for the classic - soon Bobby Darrin, Smokey Robinson and every glorious musician between swing and Motown danced through the interiors of his mind.  The early teen years are a hard time to have outlying interests of any kind, and Peter reached a point where he felt it best to hide this part of himself from public knowledge.  Now he found himself lurking around darkened Old Navy storefronts and Sonic restaurants waiting for his favorite songs, stuffing Simon and Garfunkel albums inbetween seat cushions.  It was a game of deception.  \
	On this day, such cravings brought him to Hamburger stand.  Food was but a coincidence in the matter - squeezed inbetween a long narrow rows of molded plastic seats stood a jukebox stuffed with so many classic 45s it made Peter consider robbery.  After ordering his food he would methodically wander towards it, feigning ignorance as he scanned the rows of album names.  \'93Ha!  Wow, does this thing really work?\'94\
	The girl behind the counter would roll her eyes, as she had bore witness to this strange event every Saturday since starting her summer job.  She wondered how long this had been going on, if perhaps Ethel the manager had watched it play out for years.  \
	\'93Well, I think I\'92ve got some change . . .\'94 he said, \'93what have we got here?\'94\
	\'93Same thing as last week.\'94 said the counter girl.  Peter tensed but did not turn around or respond. \
	\'93Hmm, The Platters, The Everly Brothers, Frankie Valli . . . I\'92ve never heard of any of these! What should I . . .\'94 Peter assaulted the faceplate with surprising speed and accuracy; dime, B5, dime, A6, dime, H3.  Taking a seat near the jukebox Peter gazed out the window.  Across the street was a strip club, where multiple girls in bikinis welcomed the coming of summer with a car wash.  Each girl wielded a cartoon-sized sponge, and took turns half-heartedly wiping trucks while three or more girls stood on the corner, squeezing water from the sponge onto their bodies over-dramatically.  The silhouettes of hungry looking men sat snuggled beneath tinted glass in a line of near identical pick-up trucks, gobs of low bills waded in their hands.  Along the the window sat an entire row of male patrons, leaving the other half of the restaurant completely empty.  A pair of construction workers occupied the window booth beside Peter.  \
	\'93Wish I\'92d driven today, eh?\'94 One said, both laughing.  \
	\'93Yeah, you know what\'92s gonna happen,\'94 the other said. \'93He\'92ll get home and his wife\'92ll be like, \'91Oh honey, you washed the car!\'94  A man at the counter attempted to order, one eye still fixed upon the window.  \'93Uh yeah I\'92ll have the . . . uh . . . do you guys still have the uh . . .\'94\
	Peter sighed, and rotated seats as to face away from the window.  He dabbed the last of his french fries in a puddle of ketchup.  \
	\'93Did you see that?\'94 one of the construction workers said, as the entire row lifted out of their seats.  \'93Can she, is she allowed to do that?\'94\
	\'93Not outside, I don\'92t think.\'94  said a man sitting by the door.  Peter passed him as he pushed a bundle of wrappers through the THANK YOU panel of the trash bin, and opened the door.  Outside the air felt hot and stagnant but there was no one worth noting around, and so Sinatra was consented to sing at full volume on Peter\'92s drive home.  }