{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1556, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww14000\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale109
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	Peter stood in line at Goodwill, holding a pair of used gloves.  \
	This Goodwill is unremarkable and at the edge of an unremarkable town.  It is probably alot like the town you went to high school in, are going to high school in, or will one day attend high school in.  It has several convenient shopping locales, like this one; churches, banks, and movie theaters playing the same movies as where you live.  If you were standing behind Peter in line you probably wouldn\'92t know the difference, as places like these always seem the same.  The only different thing about this town, of course, are the people living in it.  The items stacked recklessly on the thin metal shelves come from their lives and not you or your neighbors.  But we\'92ll get into that later.  \
	Peter inspected the beaten gauntlets he held in his hands, which maintained a perpetual clutch on an invisible garden tool.  Crevices formed by someone else\'92s labor held dried dirt, which broke off as he flexed his hands inside of them.  They were perfect.  \
	He had to look like he knew what he was doing, like he had done this before.  Granted, a basic understanding of plant life and some gardening experience would help more, but this would at least provide some confidence.  He could pull this off, he knew he could, he just needed some confidence.\
	Behind Peter, a  young child\'92s voice rose above all the conversations and other screaming children.  This voice warbled off a loud anthem that seemed to invite other patrons to sing along, if only the words were coherent and familiar.  \
	\'93Aaaaand there\'92s a chaaaiiiiiir for saaaaale . . .\'94 a deep inhale, \'93there\'92s a chair and a table and a deeesssssssk;\'94 \
	Trying not to stare, Peter nonchalantly glanced backwards.  A few feet behind him in line was a boy about six years old, one hand outstretched into the air, the other held by an embarrassed-looking woman.  \'93Shhhhhhh,\'94 she whispered ineffectively, \'93Not so loud . . . \'94\
	\'93Aaaaand e\'92s got, brooooown shorts and a greeey shirt, hat on backwards aaaaaand . . . .\'94\
	Peter\'92s head spun back forward, his ears burning.\
	\'93He\'92s got some glooooves, so suppose e\'92s a worker of some soooooort,\'94\
	He listened to the words, running them through some hidden processor.  \
	\'93Of average heigh, e appeeeaaaaarrrrs.\'94\
	He craned his neck to hear each word as fully as possible.\
	\'93Looks pretty average to meeeeeee.\'94\
	A cashier asked Peter if he wanted a receipt and he shook, startled, and said no.  \
	The boy\'92s deduction were fair and accurate, few features separated Peter from other boys his age - he was nineteen, tall and slightly more physically imposing that most.  He had a slick manner of speaking and a firm handshake.  But these are very slight aberrations to say the least.\
	Outside, beams of sun cut hot slits between buildings and trees, warming the pavement to a sponge-like consistency that seemed to sink with each step.  June 14th, and already the summer had forced itself into Peter\'92s car, heating the interior like a skillet.  The small Korean hatchback, a Daewoo, had been out of production for 4 years, its transmission more coveted than spare livers and hearts.  }