{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1897}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww13920\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale104
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The major difference, of course, would be that the items on sale are from the lives of the people in Peter\'92s town, not yours.  Every chipped mug and crooked coffee table had a previous owner living somewhere near him, and that is what makes this Goodwill something completely unique to you, and also why I need to tell you about it.  I know this is a strange way to start.  But Peter was buying used gloves inside what was basically a museum of his neighbors.  \
\
\
There\'92s the racks of outdated clothing, metal shelves lined with mismatched and chipped coffee mugs, plates; large desks and chairs that are worn but still comfortable.  The only major difference that really needs to be pointed out here, and the thing that makes a Goodwill different from alot of other common stores,  is that these things for sale on the shelves come from the lives of the people there.  If you were standing in line behind Peter, the things on the shelves around you would be from the lives of people there, \
	\
He appeared in all ways to be a transparent individual, but Peter has a secret depth to him which you are about to witness right now.\
\
make him feel as though these good things in his life were not earned, but deserved.  In that way Paul\'92s cooperation was not a matter of personal consequence, but socially imperative.  Paul was a \
\
Because without a doubt something is going to go wrong and when it does, there\'92s a good chance you are going to feel as though these things beyond your control have intentionally blocked you from the rewards you have sacrificed so much for.  If you\'92re going to go into debt for something, don\'92t do it with your own happiness.\
\
He was not even really known for doing this during the school year, and here was Saturday, dawn.  \
\
\
\
\
	Rebekkah called for lunch time.  One by one the gardeners stood, brushed the dirt from their knees, and made their way over to the table.\
	Jacob had corrected his path to follow alongside Paul in a perfect parallel, all the while yammering away about whatever it seemed entered his head.  As Paul stood to walk Jacob followed directly behind him.\
	\'93So you don\'92 think?\'94 he asked.\
	\'93No.\'94 Paul answered.\
	\'93Think what?\'94 Rebekkah asked him, handing a sandwich to Jacob.  Paul did not want to answer, but Jacob nodded insistently to him.\
	\'93No I don\'92t think that if we plant a radish seed and a carrot seed together in the same hole that it will force them to combine and create a radish-carrot hybrid.\'94\
	\'93Oh.\'94 Rebekkah said.  \'93Well, here\'92s a sandwich.\'94\
	At the table Jacob sat as close to Paul as was possible.  Rebekkah was sitting all the way at the other end of the table.  One by one she was talking to the volunteers, making sure they had gotten food, were feeling well, were having an ok time in general.  They were sort of a sorry bunch, but it was funny to see how many had formed simple alliances that would likely not outlast the day.  \
\
\
\
}