{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=36056}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale115
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\
Greater Than (>)\
By Nick Anderson\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 1 - Gloves from Goodwill
\b0 \

\b \

\b0 	Peter stood in line at Goodwill, holding a pair of used gloves.\
	This Goodwill is fairly unremarkable, and is nestled into a suburb that is itself quite average as well.  If you were standing in line behind Peter, you would probably be able to convince yourself that it was the Goodwill in your town, since they all look and feel pretty much the same.  The major difference, of course, would be that the items on sale at this Goodwill are from the lives of the people in Peter\'92s town, not yours.  But we\'92ll get more into that later.\
	The pair Peter had found were  thick workman\'92s gloves, worn and creased heavily, with dried dirt crackling off into dust as he moved his hands around inside them.  They were absolutely perfect.  He had given alot of thought to this, and decided that new gloves were out of the question.  He had to appear as though he had done this before, like he knew what he was doing.  The little bit of confidence that provided would help.  The gloves maintained a perpetual grip on an invisible garden tool, fingers hooked like talons.  Intimidating yet trustworthy.  An indescribably great find.\
	Behind Peter, a few feet back in line, a young boy began to sing quite loudly.  Clearly too young to perceive why one might be discouraged from singing publicly, the boy began to serenade various inanimate objects around the store.  \
	\'93Well, that\'92s a large deeeesssk,\'94 he belted, his mother tugging lightly on his hand.  \'91Shhh\'92, she insisted.  \
	\'93Grey sofa and a white fluffy haaaaat, woman with a red dress,\'94\
	Peter found this pretty funny and stole a glance at the boy behind him.  He was probably about six years old, wearing a nice shirt and a tiny clip-on tie.  \
	\'93Woman\'92s got a need for towels, that and shrrrrrirts.  She\'92s quite taaalllll, looks quite kiiiiind . . .\'94\
	The people in the store looked around and began to chuckle to one another.  Many people were now turned slightly, smiling at the boy.  	\
	\'93I\'92m so sorry,\'94 his mother tried to explain.  \
	Stirred by the attention, he in turn became even louder.  \'93He\'92s got a greeeyyyy shirt, aaand brown shorts, aaaand . . .\'94\
	The boy was singing about Peter.  Peter recognized it immediately, and turned himself back around to face the front of the line.  His ears burned and he listened hard, but - \
	\'93Ok that\'92s enough.\'94 the mother said deftly, applying a hand to the boy\'92s face.  \'93No more singing.\'94  She removed her hand slowly to make sure no errant sound was still waiting to escape.  With a look of slight discontent the boy pursed his lips, showing that he was done.  The crowd returned to what they were doing, but Peter kept an ear tuned behind him, in case the boy should pick up again where he had left off.  \
\
	Outside the sun shone like an interrogation lamp, almost directly above head and unforgiving to the interior of Peter\'92s car.  He threw the gloves into the passenger seat and slid carefully inside, keeping exposed skin away from any hot plastic surfaces.  June 13th did not seem that far into the summer, but already he had forgotten the yearning for the summer he had felt in January, and now thought forward to how wonderful the winter would be.  \
	Peter drove a Daweoo Lanos.  It was as unreliable as it was out of production, which is to say, totally.  God forbid the transmission should ever fail again, as the last one had been dug out of some cave in the South Pacific and had come with the warning that it was most likely the last one left on earth.  \
	If it had been a cool car, something sporty and rare, Peter might have felt differently about having to work on it constantly - but the small Korean hatchback looked like a green ticktack on wheels, rarely exceeded fifty miles an hour, and had a Picasso-esque interior that looked as though it had been hand-drawn on with crayons.  \
	\'93Fucking kill me\'94 Peter mumbled to himself as he tried the key a second time.  The Daewoo always started in the winter.  \
	Peter is nineteen years old.  He graduated from high school about a year ago, and had since done basically nothing.  He wears a backwards baseball hat with a flat rim, is fond of hoodies featuring the logos of nu-metal bands and wears large, white cross-trainers.  Peter appears simple to many people, but he is not.\
	Peter scanned the parking lot.  It was midday, on a weekday, so the place was quiet and there were no people of comparable age within sight.\
	He did not break his gaze as he groped for the volume knob of the stereo.  Slowly he turned it up, one click at a time - until the soulful rhythm of the Temptations began to waft out of his open windows.  \
	Somewhere along the line Peter had heard Sinatra singing \'93Where or When\'94, and there had been no going back.  His collection of classics now included motown, blues, singers and standards - but these CDs were under his seat, behind the plastic molding by his feet, or in the glovebox beneath mounds of paperwork.  On his dashboard, set purposefully in plain view, was a set of hardcore albums with sort of vaguely offensive cover art.\
	When you are a closet oldies addict, you must devise ways to listen to your music without looking like you are meaning to.  For Peter, this meant regular trips to Hamburger Stand, a rather unappetizing fast food stop with a still-working jukebox.  The hamburgers were a death sentence but the music selection was incredible.  He was on his way there now.  He had just made change, and his wallet was so stuffed with quarters that he sat unevenly.\
	Before even ordering, Peter approached the jukebox with a look of surprise and naive curiosity - \'91Does this thing even work?\'92, he seemed to be asking himself.  This act was strange to the other patrons, at best, but was completely incomprehensible to the summer staff that had seen him do this at least once a week for the past month or so.  \
	Peter liked to start his meal out with Buddy Holly - something about The Crickets just accompanied a one dollar cheeseburger like fine wine.  He pressed a familiar set of keystrokes on the backlit buttons.  Seven, maybe eight songs - by the time he was licking some crudely made softserve it would be time for the The Supremes.  Perfect.  \'93Think it Over\'94 began to creak out of the ancient speakers as Peter approached the counter.\
	Across the street from Hamburger Stand there is a strip club.  Today the employees were taking advantage of the gorgeous weather by putting on a car wash - each bikini-clad girl wielded a cartoon-sized sponge, and took turns half-heartedly wiping down cars while three or more stood on the corner, wringing water onto themselves in feigned seduction.  A line of cars filled the parking lot, some of which poked out into the street stopping traffic, and in fact every male patron of Hamburger Stand occupied exclusively the sides of tables facing the window.  Peter picked up ketchup packets as the man behind him struggled to order, one eye still trained to the hot mess outside.  \
	\'93Uh yeah, I\'92ll have the, uh . . . do uh, do you guys still have theee, uhh . . .\'94\
	It was Chuck Berry\'92s turn - \'93No Money Down\'94 began to click and turn in the jukebox, as Peter sat down facing away from the window.  The sun was hot on his back, the burger was terrible, but the fuzzy scratch of 45s made up for it in every respect.\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b Chapter 2 - \
\

\b0 	It was mid-afternoon when Peter entered his dark house - he had opened the blinds this morning, but they were shut now.  He sighed.  \
	The place was a mess as usual.  Papers and magazines layered the coffee table, clothes were shoved into crevices in the couch alongside empty plates.  With the shades shut the whole ordeal just looked so depressing, rather than simply unkept.  He pulled the blinds open in the front room, the light cutting in sharp daggers across the living room floor.\
	Peter entered the kitchen flipping on lights, opening windows.  The counters were clean but the smell of pancakes still filled the place like an IHOP.  A box of batter mix had been left out, and the stove still felt kind of warm.\
	It was even darker in the hallway, but Peter left those lights off.  He approached the shut door next to his and knocked softly.\
	\'93Paul, you in there?\'94\
	Peter knew he was in there.\
	\'93Paul, are you awake?\'94\
	Peter knew he was awake.  He waited a few minutes, his ear pressed to the door.  Unimpressed with the results, Peter went into his room, and began to crawl under his bed.\
	When the house had been built, it seems the original owner had the intent of creating a sort of theater room out of one of the rooms, or run cables between the two, because the wall the rooms shared featured a large square cut from the bottom center, about the size of a person.  When Peter and Paul had been younger, it was big enough for them to fit through; now Peter could get in to about his shoulders.\
	\'93Paul,\'94 Peter called to the underside of his bed.  \'93Come talk to me.\'94\
	The springs above Peter\'92s head moved, but Paul said nothing.  \
	\'93Not even on the last day of school, Paul?\'94\
	\'93 . . . No.\'94 Paul answered softly.  \
	\'93Didn\'92t you want to say goodbye to your - I mean, didn\'92t you need to go?\'94\
	\'93No.\'94 Paul answered.  \'93They don\'92t do anything on the last day.  It was a half day anyway.\'94\
	\'93Still,\'94 Peter continued, attempting to turn from his stomach to his back in the cramped space, \'93What about that girl, the one who invited you to the gardening thing tomorrow?  You could have told her you were going,\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not going.\'94 Paul corrected.\
	\'93You said yesterday you might.\'94\
	\'93I said I might.\'94\
	\'93And you\'92re not?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not.\'94\
	\'93Well that really sucks, because - \'94 Peter struggled to find the bag on the floor behind him.  \'93I got you some gloves.  They look totally professional.\'94  He pushed them through the opening, onto the floor beneath Paul\'92s bed.  \
	\'93I didn\'92t - \'94\
	\'93I know.  You just said you wouldn\'92t know what to do if you went, so I thought, you know, show up with some beat-up gloves, people would just assume you knew what was up.  It would probably impress Rebekkah.  I liked when we talked about that.  You wanna come out and try that again?\'94\
\
	It was not as bad as it had been last year.  Paul had missed so much school he had almost been forced to repeat the ninth grade, and the tension surrounding whatever it was he was doing was reaching an impasse.  Paul\'92s parents, they had a problem with understanding the nature of his actions.  They were the type that, had it been about fifty years earlier, would have had a mental health professional electroshock Paul until he was feeling better.  Unfortunately for them, this particular brand of treatment was now frowned upon and the alternative that modern medicine had produced was a tie between a regimen of small orange pills and talking to a therapist a few times a week.\
	\'93TAKE THE FUCKING PILLS PAUL.\'94 Mr. Hollis would bang on Paul\'92s door, attempt to shove individual capsules beneath the door.  \'93I want to watch you swallow them.  I know you\'92re not taking them.\'94\
	Paul had taken two of them.  The first day he felt nothing.  The second day he felt like he had woken up and lived an entire day as another person, like the episode of Bewitched where Darrin was suddenly being played by a different actor.  That had been enough of that.  Therapy was never considered a serious option anyway.  Paul remained in his room.\
	The boys\'92 father made alot of money, and worked downtown.  His entire adult life, and some of that of his childhood, had been a continual burnt offering for the things he now possessed - the largest house in the neighborhood, some very wide TVs, and a wife that had not appeared to have aged in decades.  This is a shitty way to live your life, if you want to know the truth.  Because the thing it did to Paul\'92s father was trick him into thinking that the good things in his life were owed to him.  \
	At last, Mr. Hollis reached the end of his rope.  \
	\'93This is utter bullshit!\'94 he screamed.  \'93One of my sons is gay, the other won\'92t come out of his fucking room.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not gay.\'94 Peter would say.\
	\'93After everything I\'92ve sacrificed, I am just being - being dumped on like this.\'94  Mr. Hollis pulled out his keys, and began turning them about in his hands.  \
	\'93Here.\'94  He removed a key from the ring, and tossed it to Peter.  \'93Take the house.  Keep the car.  Just don\'92t contact me again.\'94\
	Mr. Hollis moved downtown with his wife.  A few days after this a debit card arrived in the mail for the boys, tied to what the bank was able to identify as a rather large joint account that was receiving a portion of a payroll check each month.  Mr. Hollis did not want to destroy his children.  He simply wanted a do-over.  \
	This is a very small portion of our story, but it holds a very poignant moral nonetheless - if you\'92re going to go into debt for something, don\'92t do it with your own happiness.\
\
	The bed springs of Paul\'92s bed creaked and sighed.  \'93I never should have told you her name.\'94\
	The gloves, inches from Peter\'92s face, began to retract into the distance.  \'93I went to school almost every day this week you know.\'94\
	\'93One more isn\'92t going to kill you.\'94\
	\'93I have to be there at eight.\'94\
	\'93I\'92ll drive you.  You gonna come out for dinner tonight?\'94\
	\'93You just want me to make you food.\'94\
	\'93NOT true.\'94 Peter retorted, laughing.  His neck was beginning to ache from the angle it was turned, but Paul kept talking, so Peter stayed.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b \
\
Chapter 3 - \
\

\b0 	Id placed a paw on Paul\'92s face.  Id removed the paw, and pressed it into Paul\'92s eyelid twice.  \
	The window in Paul\'92s room had been altered with towels to block out as much light as possible, but what did filter in was recognizable as the early light-blue hue of dawn. \
	Id pattered his way around the bed, mewing quietly and pressing his face into Paul\'92s ear to purr loudly.  \
	 Paul\'92s eyes adjusted slowly to the cat face nuzzling him in the low light - it was the first day of summer vacation, but he was awake at dawn.  Paul felt dizzy as his mind slowly recalled the promises he had made the previous day.\
	Paul pinned up the corner of the towel and opened his blinds a little bit to see the sunrise as he stumbled around his room, looking for clothes.  He opened his closet doors.  Everything he owned was plain and functional, as he had no real discerning taste in fashion.  Most of his clothes were comfortable - sweats, t-shirts, faded and dilapidated jeans.  Nothing really suited for gardening.  Still he dug through the piles as though some kind of aberration waited for him at the bottom.  \
	Paul stood back and looked at himself in the mirror.  Peter never let his hair grow out far enough for him to see if he had the same messy, loose curls that he did; and though Paul was not a fan of the military-style thing that Peter had going on, he could understand why he did it - several months without maintenance left his hair piled haphazardly upon his head and dangling into  his face just a little bit.  The plain grey shirt he had picked out had a giant diagonal crease down the front from sitting beneath the pile of clothes in his closet.  But this was ok.  Paul looked himself in the eye, in the mirror, and repeated to himself reassuringly - \
	\'91You will never see these people again after today.\'92\
\
	He had been at school when Rebekkah Rotem had just walked up and started talking to him.  He did not know her.  Sure, he knew who she was - they\'92d had classes together, had passed each other in the halls.  The same could be said for a few hundred other people as well.  \
	\'93Hey!\'94 she had called when they made eye contact.  It was that accidental kind of eye contact you make in crowded places.  \'93Hey!  Ok, so, sorry, hey how\'92s it going?\'94  Rebekkah\'92s bright brownish-green eyes were very large and very close to Paul, who leaned backwards into a row of lockers.  \
	\'93Good, ah, things are good.\'94\
	\'93Ok good!  Sorry.  That was a weird way to start.\'94  Rebekkah began digging through her purse.  \'93So look, I\'92m in charge of getting people to come help plant a garden over the summer.\'94 She extended a one-page color flyer to him dramatically, standing on her tip-toes.  \'93We\'92re doing it in the dirt area outside the lunch room, and the things we grow are going to be donated to the food pantry downtown.  The first get-together is tomorrow, eight to three, lunch provided.\'94\
	Paul remained silent.\
	\'93I can offer you peanut and jelly sandwiches, that\'92s it.  I understand if you don\'92t want to come.\'94\
	\'93Ok, I\'92ll, uh . . .\'94\
	\'93Yeah, just think about it.\'94\
	Rebekkah did not seem to understand that people at his school did not talk to Paul.  Paul did not one hundred percent understand this either, but it seemed correct.  He did not like talking to people, so this was probably done as more of a courtesy than as an attempt at social ostracism.  No one knew anything about Paul, and that was quite intentional.  Its hard to be offended considering that.  \
	Paul scooped a couple pancakes from a skillet.  Peter did not always eat in the morning, so these were just for him.  He sat quietly in the dark and thought through the scenarios of things that might happen today as Id slunk around on the table, licking up dabs of syrup with his tongue.  \
\
	At seven fifty Peter burst from his bedroom door.\
	\'93We\'92re not running late are we?\'94  Peter knew they were running late.  Paul placed his dishes in the sink as Peter searched frantically for his keys.  \'93Ah, I am NOT going to fuck this up for you.\'94\
	\'93There\'92s nothing 
\i to
\i0  fuck up.\'94\
	\'93Oh there\'92s plenty to fuck up.\'94  Peter hesitated - \'93No you\'92re right.  No biggie.  I just want to make sure you get there on time, I mean, they\'92re waiting for you.\'94\
	\'93They\'92re really not.\'94 Paul insisted.  \'93I never told anyone I was going.\'94\
	\'93Ok, well, whatever, whatever.\'94  He was out the door. \
	As Peter turned the car key, doom metal crackled angrily out of the speakers that had been left almost full volume.  He had made the switch before he had gone inside.  He always remembered to make the switch.	\
	\'93Why do you listen to this?\'94  Paul entered to car reluctantly, his head pointed as far away from the source of the sound as possible.\
	\'93Cause its the music I 
\i like
\i0 ,\'94 he retorted.  \'93Don\'92t get on my case cause you don\'92t like it.\'94  Peter adjusted the stereo to a more realistic level.  \'93Don\'92t you see how this could be awesome music to lift to?\'94  \
	Paul remained silent.  Peter took a second to look his brother up and down.\
	\'93Hey, you know that thing you do?  Where you don\'92t talk to anyone?\'94 Peter asked.\
	Paul laughed slightly, closed his eyes and adjusted himself in the seat.\
	\'93Well, you shouldn\'92t do that today.  Girls aren\'92t about that.\'94\
	\'93Ok, great advice.\'94\
	\'93I know I know, but I mean it.  You bring the gloves?\'94\
	Paul held them up.\
	\'93What are you going to say to her?\'94  Peter asked, a tinge of excitement in his smile.\
	Paul turned his body away from Peter.\
	\'93Ok ok ok.\'94\
\
	The garden Rebekkah had been talking about was a large, concrete courtyard that sat behind the lunchroom of their high school.  It opened up to a neighborhood on the south side, and had never been very well kept.  Now the overgrown patches of dirt were raked clean and weeded, and a dozen or so volunteers milled around the area on their hands and knees.\
	Paul could not recognize a single one of them.  Not that he would have much to say to the faces he did recognize, but seriously, not a one of these people had he ever seen before.  \
	Except for Rebekkah - there was Rebekkah.  Beside a rickety picnic table she stood, hips cocked, an array of tiny seed packets in her hand.  Her face was covered by large, black sunglasses, and she wore a tank top and shorts.  At school Rebekkah\'92s clothing choices were more conservative and considerably less revealing.  She had always looked nice, Paul had thought, but this was a nice thing too.\
	Paul attempted to focus on Rebekkah as he made his way into the garden.  Somehow she had become the least threatening person there, and though Paul was concerned over his ability to talk to her, he was more concerned by these new people that did not already understand that he did not want to talk to them.  It was a difficult thing for most people to grasp.\
	Rebekkah was talking to a boy about their age, his arms covered in dirt, a circular trail of knee prints and covered seed beds behind him.\
	\'93Ok see how the rake went?  In the rows?\'94  She was very confused.  \'93We want to keep the seeds going in a straight line as well.  See what you\'92ve got goin\'92 here is like, a spiral - \'94\
	\'93Really, I am trying, its just so;\'94 the boy explained emphatically, \'93there\'92s so much going on in here!\'94  \
	Rebekkah at last noticed Paul, who had been lingering awkwardly behind her for a while now.  \'93Wow!\'94 she exclaimed, a look of honest surprise on her face, \'93I didn\'92t think I was going to see you today!\'94  \
	\'93Yeah,\'94 Paul said, smiling strangely but in a sincere way.\
	\'93You\'92re not here cause you feel obligated right?  I wouldn\'92t want people to be here if that were the case.\'94	\
	\'93N-no, I\'94\
	\'93Pysche!  I would totally want those people here.\'94 Rebekkah laughed.  \'93More people right?  This garden isn\'92t going to plant itself.  See all these people - they all have to be here.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, uh, who are these people?\'94 Paul asked.  \
	\'93Oh, they\'92re from Calvary.  Homeschooled kids.  They do this thing,\'94 she explained, \'93Where they make them all get together and interact with each other?  Like, they have group P.E. classes where they all play dodgeball.\'94\
	\'93That must be interesting.\'94  Paul examined the kids in the garden, and it made sense - they seemed to vary in age slightly, and all had that sort of frightened look to them.  He imagined what sort of pathetic game of dodgeball was played between these people.\
	\'93Yeah so, you and me - we\'92re the only people from our school.  Weird right?\'94\
	\'93Naw, not too bad.\'94  The homeschool kids averted their eyes when Paul looked at them.\
	\'93Ok, so - \'94 Rebekkah handed Paul a bag of seeds.  \'93Back wall - radishes.  Keep \'91em straight.  See the rake marks?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I got it.\'94 he chuckled.\
	\'93You saw that then?  
\i I have no idea what that kid is doing.
\i0 \'94\
	Paul shrugged.  He had run out of interesting things to say.\
	\'93Ok well, lunch is at noon.  Water\'92s over by the table.  Drink lots of water, its hot!  If you pass out we\'92re leaving you there and using you as fertilizer.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94  Paul began to walk to the back wall.\
	\'93Paul!\'94 she called again.  \'93That\'92s not true.  I shouldn\'92t say stuff like that.\'94\
	Paul nodded.\
 	\
	It was very hot where Paul knelt along the back wall.  The sun beat upon his back and the soil under his knees seemed unwilling to accommodate him - tiny bits of wood mixed in with the dirt stabbed him as he scooped at the ground with a borrowed spade.  Rebekkah was nowhere near him.  She continued to hover near the picnic table, answering questions, handing out water.  Paul felt silly for coming.  He had no desire to plant radishes.\
	\'93You gotta move faster if you wan them to all sprout at the same time!\'94\
	To Paul\'92s right was the young man planting in erratic circles.  His path had expanded and now intersected at tangent with Paul\'92s row of radishes.  \'93You gotta get them in there about the same time, make sure they all pop out the same time or the watering will get off.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t think that\'92s how it works.\'94 Paul said.  \
	\'93Have you ever planted anything before?  Asked the boy.  \'93This is my first time.  My name Jacob Fiore, just call me whatever.\'94\
	Jacob paused, but Paul said nothing.\
	\'93Ok so get this - so normally, plants and things, they grow 
\i everywhere
\i0 .\'94  Jacob explained the concept as if it were completely foreign to Paul.  \'93In a garden though, you pick and choose what you want there to be in it.  You don\'92t just 
\i let
\i0  things grow, you 
\i make 
\i0 things grow because you prefer them.\'94  Jacob held out both palms to Paul, like he was offering him some immense epiphany.  \'93You get it?  You block it off, you put what you want in there, you water it and nurture it and after months, seriously MONTHS, you finally start to see something.\'94  With this Jacob began digging feverishly, excitedly into the dirt.\
	What bothered Paul was, this made some sort of sense to him.  The thought took itself a little past the subject of gardening, and he wondered if Jacob had intended it that way.\
	\'93Carrots.\'94  Jacob said.  \'93And who are you?\'94\
	\'93Umm, I\'92m Paul.  I\'92m planting radishes.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s a great fruit.\'94 Jacob said, returning his attention to the soil.  \
\
	At noon, Rebekkah began setting out little baggied sandwiches onto plates, distributed evenly across the table.  One by one the gardeners stood, brushed the dirt from their knees, and made their way back to the center of the garden.\
	Jacob had corrected his path to follow alongside Paul in a perfect parallel, all the while yammering away about whatever it seemed entered his head.  As Paul stood to walk Jacob followed directly behind him.\
	\'93So you don\'92 think?\'94 he asked.\
	\'93No.\'94 Paul answered.\
	\'93Think what?\'94 Rebekkah asked him, handing a bag of chips to Jacob.  Paul did not want to answer, but Jacob nodded insistently to him.\
	\'93No I don\'92t think that if we plant a radish seed and a carrot seed together in the same hole that it would force them to combine and create a radish-carrot hybrid.\'94\
	\'93Oh.\'94 Rebekkah said.  \'93Well, here\'92s some chips.\'94\
	At the table Jacob sat as close to Paul as was possible.  Rebekkah was sitting all the way at the other end.  One by one she was talking to the volunteers, making sure they had gotten food, were feeling well, were having an ok time in general.  They were sort of a sorry bunch, and Rebekkah was doing a good job of making sure everyone was tended to.  However, Jacob would not stop talking to Paul long enough for Rebekkah to ask how 
\i they
\i0  were doing.  When she passed them she simply gave a wink and a thumbs up, and kept walking.  Paul glared at Jacob.  Jacob gave Paul a thumbs up.\
	The heat in the afternoon was more intense, and Paul worked slowly.  He thought about the garden and the segregated the areas for radishes, considered how many would grow.\
	\'93You\'92re gonna loooooose\'94 Jacob taunted him.  \'93I\'92m going to beat yoooouuu.\'94\
	\'93We\'92re not racing.\'94 Paul insisted.  He could not believe how unreceptive Jacob was to body language - he still followed him, ahead by a few holes.    \
	\'93Oh, so you\'92re going for focus?  To plant better?\'94\
	\'93How would you plant 
\i better
\i0 ?\'94 Paul was beyond annoyed.\
	\'93You\'92re the one to ask, sheesh.  You\'92re the one attempting to win by skill.\'94\
	\'93You guys talkin \'91bout yo skilllzz?\'94 Rebekkah asked.\
	The two stared in silence at the girl, holding two cups of water behind them.  \'93Sorry,\'94 she said, blushing, \'93Brought you guys some water, 
\i drink water!
\i0 \'94\
	Jacob grabbed the cup and began to pour the water quickly down his throat.  \'93We were just talking about how Paul is really good at planting.  He\'92s going really slow.\'94\
	\'93You know, I\'92m not surprised,\'94 Rebekkah said, \'93You all, walked in here with those beat up gloves - I could tell you meant business.\'94\
	Paul nodded, laughed a little.\
	\'93Ok well,\'94 Rebekkah continued, \'93Its almost three, you guys have done alot, so you can leave whenever.  You guys are 
\i awesome!
\i0 \'94  Rebekkah gave them two thumbs up - then sort of separated them and pointed one thumb at each of them, before turning and scampering away again.  Paul looked at Jacob, who continued to dig away.  He stood and walked out of the garden.\
\
	When Paul entered his house, Peter was on the couch watching TV.\
	\'93Oh shit, did you need a ride?  You could have called me.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s cool.\'94 Paul said, making a B line for his room.\
	\'93Wait, do you - do you want to tell me anything about -\'94\
	Paul was already to his room.  He shut the door softly behind himself.  \
\
	Paul had a spiral notebook that he occasionally wrote things down in, to understand them better, and keep track of his thoughts.  Its sounds alot like a diary, but its not - teenage boys don\'92t keep diaries.  Paul did not even call it a journal - he called it a notebook.  That night in his notebook he wrote about the garden.\
	\
	
\i I think I have a garden.
\i0 \
\
	Paul pushed the pen into his down comforter.\
\
	
\i I think that all the plants are people I know.\
\
	
\i0 He twisted the pen cap around in his mouth.\
\
	
\i I think my garden is very empty.  Maybe I don\'92t water them enough, or too much.  Either way, I can\'92 get anything to grow.  I\'92m not sure the ground was meant to be planted on.  
\i0 \
\
	Would you believe that Rebekkah kept a diary as well?  She had no problem calling it a diary, for she never felt that she might have to defend its existence.  She wrote many things in the diary on this night.  Unfortunately, I can\'92t tell you what it says, out of respect of her privacy.  You wouldn\'92t understand it anyway, as her thoughts are too private to comprehend anyway - this is where the concept of a diary finds its very origins.  \
	Ok, I\'92ll tell you a little bit.  Tonight, Rebekkah has written
\i \
	\
	I am not a princess\
\

\i0 	over and over again.  \
	Here\'92s something you might not know about girls - inside their head, there is an image of everything a lady should be.  And inside that there is the real girl, scared because she does not fill out that image at all; everywhere there is left over space, allowing sobs to echo and return days and years later.  It is hard to tell sometimes if they are crying over something that happened today, or many years ago.  Rebekkah is crying right now, finishing about the thirteenth iteration of 
\i I am not a princess
\i0 .  Whether this is about something that happened that day, or something that happened a long time ago, Rebekkah is not sure.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b Chapter 5 - 
\b0 \
\
	When Paul awoke, it was dawn again.  His body\'92s internal clock had a nasty habit of sticking to ungodly hours he had only meant to experience once.  Even Id was still asleep.  Unwilling to take the day at face value yet, Paul pandiculated and allowed his mind to wander down any pleasant avenue it could find.\
	The moments of Rebekkah\'92s smile played like morning light on his walls - they looped and repeated, changed angles and intensity.  In the condition of not-fully-awake and not-fully-dreaming Paul added more to the memories.\
	\'93I\'92m really glad you came Paul.\'94\
	Rebekkah\'92s eyes lit up, like they had when she\'92d cornered him at the locker.  She was no longer wearing sunglasses.\
	\'93I\'92m 
\i really
\i0  glad you came Paul.\'94\
	Notice the inflection on this one - she could barely express her satisfaction at the fact.\
	\'93I wish you didn\'92t have to go . . . are you sure you can\'92t stay longer?\'94\
	\'93You\'92ve got my number.  Gimme a call sometime.\'94\
	With this he winked, an act which drew a laugh from Rebekkah.  This laugh soared through the composite of that day, punctuated every sentence.  She found almost everything he said funny.\
	Paul drug himself out of bed, traversed the hallway slowly to the kitchen, the believability of the images slowly softening in his mind.\
\
	Peter was at the gym, lifting heavy object repeatedly so that the strain would cause his arms to grow larger.  He was using the mirrored walls to look at the other occupants of the gym.  He had hoped that there would people near his age exercising - the Sunday after school let out seemed like it would be a good day to Peter.  But it wasn\'92t.  He was forced to take second benefit exclusively, which is that his muscles were becoming more noticeable with each orderly tug of the weight.\
\
	The strangest air blew through Paul and Peter\'92s town that day.  Peter had felt it as he drove to the gym, his windows down, Bobby Darrin calling out notes into the warm morning.  He didn\'92t think much of it but now his mind returned to it.\
\
	Suddenly Paul felt it - the hairs on the back of neck raised just as a booming voice blew a bowl of pancake batter out of his hands.\
	\'93ATTENTION EVERYONE EVERYWHERE.  PLEASE GATHER.\'94\
	Paul was now seated on the floor, covered in batter.  Id had dashed behind the TV.  A car alarm in the distance hollered frantically.  \
	\'93EVERYONE.  THE RAPTURE IS BEGINNING.  PLEASE MEET ME OVER HERE.\'94\
	Out the kitchen window Paul could make out a large throne in the distance - upon it was seated and equally large man wearing a crown and a cape.  The thing must have been huge, as his face was clearly visible and in good detail - he wore a long beard and had the tiniest slits for eyes.  It was hard from this distance for Paul to not believe he was carved out stone.  Paul\'92s phone was ringing.  It was Peter.\
	\'93Paul?  What the FUCK did you hear that?  Can you see him?\'94\
	\'93Y-yeah,\'94 Paul stuttered.  \'93What the fuck?\'94\
	\'93There\'92s a guy doing squats here, he seriously threw the weights across the room.  Broke a fucking mirror.\'94\
	\'93Should we go?\'94  Paul asked him.\
	\'93YOU SHOULD,\'94 the man on the throne answered loudly, making a beckoning motion with his hand in Paul\'92s general direction.\
	\'93Ok, 
\i christ
\i0 !  Hold on, I\'92ll come pick you up, Let me put my THIS WILL NOT TAKE LONG, PLEASE JUST STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING you in a few.\'94\
	When Peter arrived at the house, Paul was on the porch pacing nervously.  The sky had already become speckled with helicopters that left swathing shadows in the tangental morning light.  Everywhere there were sirens and traffic and children staring out car windows, eyes transfixed on the sky.  \
	Peter had taken his time getting out of the gym - had even showered.  He always showered.  As a result Paul and Peter were running relatively late to the big mysterious event - the roads were empty as Peter rambled along, attempting to find the shortest path to the base of the throne.\
	\'93TAKE DOWNING, PETER\'94 the large man on the throne suggested.  \'93IT\'92S OK IF ITS A ONE WAY, THERE\'92S NO TRAFFIC, YOU WILL BE FINE.\'94\
	Peter did as he said.  Sure enough, no traffic.  \
	The two drove steadily until they reached a large blockade of parked cars - here they stretched endlessly outward, on behind another, abandoned in the streets and parked up on grass medians.  \
	Peter pulled off into one such area.  \'93I guess we\'92ll have to walk from here.\'94\
	\'93ERICA, I CAN SEE YOU UNDER YOUR BED.  PLEASE COMPOSE YOURSELF AND JOIN US.  WE CANNOT BEGIN UNTIL EVERYONE HAS ARRIVED.\'94\
	\'93At least we\'92re not last.\'94 Paul said, as they traversed by foot a once familiar street, now crowded with stalled vehicles.  \'93Don\'92t do that.\'94\
	Peter was sliding over the hoods of cars like in a cop movie.  He didn\'92t have alot of practice, so he got about halfway across each before skidding to a stop and rolling the rest of the way off.   \
	\'93You\'92re going to dent one of those.\'94  Peter did not feel like people would care today.  The street was void of life anyway, the place quiet except for the occasional announcement by the large man.\
	Up ahead the scene could be seen more clearly, and he was beginning to place where the throne sat.  \'93I think he\'92s on top of the mall.\'94\
	He was.  The throne, which had apparently descended directly from the sky, had landed on the left side of the mall, crushing it neatly into the pavement.  \
	\'93Ahhhh that was the good side.\'94 Peter lamented.  \
	The man was absently sorting through a  gigantic stack of papers that had to be about the size of a department store.  The rustling of the papers being turned created a breeze that shook the leaves off of nearby trees and blew dust into the faces of the many people gathered around.  \
	The place looked an awful lot like a tailgate to Peter.  Except at a tailgate, people were generally pretty happy.  Everyone here, and there was quite alot of them, generally looked very nervous.  Some huddled near their cars, or stood in large groups - other stood in circles holding hands.\
	\'93You think those guys are praying?\'94 Peter asked, as the entered the parking lot of the mall.  A to their left a large circle stood, eyes closed, a few kneeling on the ground.\
	\'93Looks pretty evident.\'94\
	Peter wasn\'92t sure how to react to the situation.  From where they stood, the man looked like an improbably shaped mountain - his skin and throne were all composed of the same rock-like, slate grey substance.  Only when he moved did he personify.\
	A piece of paper slipped from the man\'92s stack, creating a huge shadow over the people closest to the throne.  They screamed in horror as it floated listlessly towards them.  \
\
They stood around in awe, in confusion and tension, waiting for something to happen.\
}