{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi0\sl360\slmult1\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs26 Poor Id.  It has been such a big summer for him.  First there was the giant screaming man how collapsed on the mall.  Then, all the new people at the house.  Then, all the yelling in the streets, the car ride into the woods, and the nw house they only stayed at for a day before finally coming back home to a quiet, normal house.  He simply does not enjoy this.  Now he sleeps, fur stretched like a giant rug across Paul\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s bed.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26 \tab But he has woken up, and he is pushes his way through the hole into Peter\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s room.  He pushes his head through the hole in the screen, and he falling down through bushes, outside again.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26 \tab Today the world feels a little safer, a little more whole.  Like a scab over a wound Id can feel it mending, pulling and intertwining to once again appear new and unscathed.  That is the hope, at least.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26 \tab It is true that Id is blind, but he can }{\f1\fs26\i1 feel}{\f1\fs26\i0 .  Perhaps this is what is going through his mind as lights flash off and on, connections clicking together and pulling apart again, leaving only second long synapses of  . . . color?  It\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s true, Id feels color.  Each color has a unique signature deep inside him.  Beneath his front left paw it feels blue.  It soaks up into his fur like a animate sponge and Id feels it breathing, beating too, like an animate things itself, like it never knew it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s role as stationary, as controlled, and soon in consumes him.  He runs as the color spreads to all fours, and quadrapede paintbrush shattering the color into shapes and forms as it rings and resonates off the cement and grey panel siding up into the milky white heavens.  As the run turns to a gallop, the way cats often do, the color splatters and mutates in hue with the other noises in the air - there are people and there are things, the neighboorhood is full of nouns, and they are spinning and standing in place like game playing pieces, marking their spot in a rapidly growing map in Id\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s mind.  His fur is soaked now, but the color holds no weight, it is light light of life and it is as much dry as it is wet, as much as everything as it is nothing, and as we are in it as much as we are of it.  A rainbow cat, now, if you can imagine it - standing, breeze in fur, as the color ripples like a high tide ocean in a full moon, the shapes and colors pulling off his back like the opposite of velcro.  Shattered splintered ground!  The cat is heavier than he ever was.  Each paw pat echoes.  The soft soles of his feet like sonar or echo location blow bast him in a wake of realization, a breeze of totality that could knock your house down or maybe just mess up your hair, depending on where you\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 re standing when it hits.  The houses he passes - they vary.  Some of them shine with a shalak latex color like blue, too, which makes sense as Id has had his paws all over this place, and the people inside glow with a quiet cerulean themselves.  They leak it everywhere so it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s only naturual that their houses be coated in it, their children dripping with it, their gutters flooding with it!  Id wades in it - it washes over his head without preventing breathing, it holds no resistance either.  It absorbs into him or through him or something, either way it is like they are one and one and both and neither.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab Sounds!  The people inside the blue houses are talking.  Laughing even!  Their words are indistiguisahble (and probably not that important either) because tone is what you listen for - their voices are steady!  They are laughing!  The scab heals a bit more.  And the color continues to pour out their open doors.  There are dark smudges on the concrete - Id remembers being here earlier, hearing horrible news and watching cruetly, though he could not see.  It didn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t matter, cruelty has a feel one cannot deny.  But these dark spots, they are being washed over - repaved, if you will, with cobblestones made of what everyone is feeling now - an overwhelming desire to forgive and forget, to say goodbye to all of the bad things they have seen but in a way that is like a memorial, a spyre of hardened thought, so they will not forget.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab The galloping continues!  Off to the left!  This was never ok before, but it feels good now.  Color had trouble reaching this place, before it was brought in by force, and ran all over the hills from the place where the violet grew.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab Violet!  That is the color Id feels beneath his feet, though the woods are alerady flowing with color of their own, a deep rich green that gloops like maple syrup as it falls off of bark.  The birds above sings in tangent yellow!  It makes for a pretty blend or warm tones, in the puddles of rich purple, diluting it to a rich violet red.  It seethes with emotions, this place, with passion plucked right from a heart, or right into a heart, let to spill out all over, to cover the vegetation in a warm, thumping heartbeat.  It shakes the floor of the woods.  It rumbles in the most familiar way, the way a first love feels, a first kiss, things like that.  Soon all the thumping has the rhythm of the color bouncing as high as the trees, green red green red, and they are twisting in swirls together like candy canes!  This is indeed a place of sacred ritual and rite, warm from the oven like oatmeal cookies, sweet cinnamon in the air.  What was once a dry, stagnant place was being brought back to life with just a little pinch of effort - the trees stretch their arms in all directions, waking from a two thousand year nap.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab Here is the place now!  High on the hill, slippery with gravel, a deep brown chocolate stream that brings all on it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s path to one mutual feeding place, a build, oh, so beautiful and old . . . the color doesn\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t drip off the walls here, it reaches out and grabs you!  It holds you in an embrace like a hearth, stony grey enclosure of warmth, the very definition of safety and fortitude.  This stone grey color enters your nose like incense and wraps your body in a woolen blanket that has held many worse and many better, you are in such good company.  From the children\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s rooms there spills crayola sunshine like moving sidewalk chalk, a river of imagination, of youth and dexterity, seeping back into the wall feeeding it anew, warming the hearth with it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s energy.  Laughter bubbles the air like a straw to milk, the laughter here has returned - cleansing is too strong of a word, if that\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s the case than this place has been sterile since the beginning of time - but reaffirming that the bubble rainbow laughter and the stone grey majesty are a one in the same codependant half and half entity.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab The garden!  Out the door the smell rises above all else!  This can be a place of sadness, depending.  There are many ways to look at it.  A volcano is beautiful and destructive at once, and here Id feels lava everywhere, dried and hardened, cracked undulating surface where life and death are shook hands.  The vines in the center, dried with a pulsating green, clasping the life out of seven individual pallettes - it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s so sad to see them gone, but they are not gone without reason.  That is what a monument is all about, after all; it is a reminder of good }{\f1\fs26\i1 and}{\f1\fs26\i0  bad, so we won\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t forget either.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab Soon the woods were behind Id as well.  The colors trailed him but they mixed more naturally now with the environments he traversed, mixing like oil pastels into one giant drag from one edge of the map to the other.  They run through many houses before they reach this - the blackness.  Where the streets explode, a synechdoce of life forces like nerves twining here, where the buildings were crushed and the masses fought, blade to bullet to fist, sharpening the air and chocking the color into a giant black smear, where everything ends.  It is hard for Id to breath, so chocked by evrything.  The indsutrial streets are crowded with life shattered, a mess of shards, stacked and scattered in the soot.  It is ruins now.  Here is where all things marched to die, combining their colors in hatred for the purpose of the elimination of one or more or all hopefull, it was vile evil destruction without warrant or cause.  The black is smeared on the earth tight, but even now it begins to crack and peel.  What cannot be peeled is painted over, and Id hears sounds everywhere of scurrying and rustling and trying as hand over hand the people count their blessings and cut their losses.  Tears do not wash it, but it helps.  It makes the blackness feel more human, to make it feel as though the things that happened here were not carried out in vain, that the lesson, etched like black charcoal on every surface here, is indelible.  Oh and it is!  Id is reaching the other side now.  The colors pulsate here, in kind pastel hues, where people line the streets, some on their knees, and pray and feel and think as one, in sadness, over what they have accomplished.  Metropolis turned ash.  But there is hope, deep there, in tiny subtle pockets no bigger than a coin, in a multitude of places, now seeping outward, finding its pieces and growing stronger.  It will be rebuilt!  Our humanity, as well.  As is not lost, all is just less, and this too shall be made right.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab Id hurtles onward, excited now, pulling full circle for consistency.  Id is shaking the blackness off, and in the air it twists like dust and seperates back into it\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s original colors, exploding crescendo of color.  As he runs he feels the lightness in the streets again, cars chug merrily along, their engines sputtering and laying bright crossing walk stripes into the distance as they go, and Id hops, hops, hops, as cats do when their speed limiter is off and there is nothing but space, blank canvas before them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab A new neighborhoods approaches!  This neighborhood is different, he feels it in his paws, it is not quite like home.  The colors do not run, in rapant river, like a deluge through the streets, it drips pathetically down curbs and into gutters like someone is washing their car.  It is sad, a little bit, because the colors are so vibrant, so unique, in their burnt october orange and crushed rush hues.  It is the likes of which have never been felt by Id, so tragic and glorious all at once.  There is a sense of seclusion here, like a DO NOT DISTURB sign hangs at the entrance, and the roads within are not busy, really, in fact vacant is fits the place nicely.  It is dark though it is daylight, hung with a dark negative sun that like a vacuum removes light.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab But inside the houses there is still the twinge of light!  It is filling the spaces all up in between, it creeps the walls like the flicker of a candle flame, painting with gentle warmth the harrowed interiors cooked with grim and dust.  Disuse.  Unlove.  But this could not be further from the truth.  And the way that fire spreads we see that color, in step, has a hunger and a need to devour the ones that circumvents its touch, like a game, and a good game at that, where the unloved are seeked out, the disused are found useful again, the dirty are washed clean in the never-consuming flame.  Hot coals, oven wall, but it cooks them like a kiln and what you get when you\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 re done are strong, capable things, really.  Quite useful, not to be downgraded.  And they baking has really done something to the glaze, let me tell you!  They shine brilliantly!  They are producing their own colors now!  A spectrum!  And in the clink clank of bike chains there are planes and smells like autumn, and Id feels the streets gurgle just a little bit more and knows that it grows.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab Deep inside this place there is a new source of color, a large, wide building filled with dried smears of activity.  It is still now, as it always is in summer, but still the shapes of past altered things hold steady from years of continual purposeful design, in uprightness beyond the spectrum of most buildings Id has seen. Here the colors do not just meet, as Id has seen many times, but they converge and }{\f1\fs26\i1 grow}{\f1\fs26\i0  together.  They reinforce the walls, they mount pictures on the walls of bright finger paint realities from a distant mind that has not stopped dreaming yet.  It cannot be stopped!  There is a force here of ultimate youth, of scattered indifference in favor of importance that may or less seem less or more relative in days future but most likely of desires today, but nothing makes sense here anyway, and that is the most important thing.  Here, the colors ferment and grow deeper in hue, where existance is first rationalized and then accepted as interdependant to the trillions of millions of other life forces, beyond comprehension and design.  Id taps his way through the halls, for he is a crafty cat and has never been stopped by locks.  He runs through the building, to the other side, through anthemic quiet halls that await the fall.  But the fall need not wait for what lies out the row of windows, in a paviliion all it own, where, goodness, it is so bright one cannot even stare long enough for it to take form!  Id hopes on the ledge and nudges open an unlocked swinging window, from where he leaps down down down onto the colored living grass soaked with life.  He feels it!  It is the source!  The color manifests every aspect of everysense, and Id lifts his head and opens his eyes wide, and though he does not know where the image comes from, from what sense the information is being coallated and produced but he LOOKS and he SEES, there before him, a garden, }{\f1\fs26\i1 the }{\f1\fs26\i0 garden}{\f1\fs26\i1 , }{\f1\fs26\i0 it GLOWS, oh, the purest white!  The most translucent of angel wing chalk white, it is the birth place, the very essense of existance!  From here the river of colors flow, as if possessed by something, and they dance through the air like a two-tone color beat that sounds in thumping hearbeat bass to a melody is all around.  Id runs between the carrots, he dive tackles the springs of life everywhere, sending forth a spray of pigment with each hit that speckles in the light like dandelion seeds or a blown kiss that is weightless on its own and feels only attraction to its target, its destination, and like that the pigment seeks ends beyond that of the ground below, it want to spread, to populate, to fly and sing through the air like a symphony or a choir, and like that when it finds an ear it will stay there, it will give the pigment, the color, the life, to that pallette and rejouvinate it from inside out.  To encase in purity, to let that indivdual pallette take it a shape it and bend it the way it wants, with its own resources, to produce something new and unique, be it good or evil or black or white or primary, secondary, tertiary or the enitre rainbow it wants only to be shared and molded into something.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab From the entire garden rises a smell, which is pure oxygen life, which enters the nostrils and makes the floating shapes complete, the smell, the sight, the sound, they are being blending together like cake batter, confetti cake, thought that cannot even describe it in a fraction of the sense!  The smell crackles in the air like full pepper, pungent and crisp, unmistakable, it tastes on you tongue both bitter and sweet at once, it too is a flavor you will never forget.  You have tasted it all your life but you still have not enough!  If there is a nectar of the gods, this is it!  It is the wine produced when Jesus touched the water, it is LIFE!  What more could we possibly ask for?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab And the birds, they know this.  Their feathers outstretched, they cover the sky as they breathe in the rich aroma, like coffee being brewed or pie being baked.  They indulge in it as they sing, head in the wind, a scream of fulfillment as they sweep and dive throughout the city streets.  The color shoots out of their feathers, out of their wings, and in every direction imaginable!  The lizards feel it too, in their tiny scaly feet, it becomes the chameleon\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 s skin, they scury through the grass and it leaves its marks everywhere, in tiny footprints on walls and dirt.  The spiders spin it into their web, the wolves howl it out and tear it into the ground as they run, leaving divets of dirt behind them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab You, too, feel it, though it is easy to ignore since you are not blind, like Id.  We look and we expect miracles, presented to us as a wrapped package, when all the while we were inside the box the entire time.  We look to the sky and ask for god when he is beneath our feet, in our air, and swimming through the deep ocean, inside the fish and inside the earth and inside all of us.  He is even in cats.  Because Id is like all of us really.  Trouncing the world with blind steps, only able to rely on the things we feel and the images we make from them.  }
\par\plain {\f1\fs26\i0 \tab My God!  The world is full of color.  And I pray that if you can\hich\f1 \rquote \loch\f1 t see it, you can feel it in every step.}
\par\plain \f1\fs26\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs26\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs26\i0
\par\plain \f1\fs26\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs96\i0 THE END}
\par\plain \f1\fs96\i0}