{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\cf1 Jacob}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1  Number: 9x10^43}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1 Jacob is a homeschooled 18 year old who is more or less experiencing life for the first time after the rapture causes his family to move back to Utah, leaving him behind.  They want to return to the grandfather\uc1\u65533\'3Fs commune where they can live and pray in peace.  Despite this conservative upbringing, however, Jacob yearns to continue the secular experience he\u65533\'3Fs begun to learn about from the rest of the quartet.  His parents give him the choice to either move back with them or strike a new life on his own, which he does, though that means moving in with Paul and Peter.  Jacob\u65533\'3Fs faith remains ambiguous yet spiritual, and while others may try to call him out on it, he reamins unoffensive and steadfast.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1 Jacob\uc1\u65533\'3Fs number symbolizes the minimum possibilities his life has}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf1
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1 The day after the begining of the rapture, Fiore has a conversation with his parents.  They want to move back to Utah, etc.  Fiore wants to stay.  He packs a bag and goes out to experience the world, starting first with the garden.  After he\uc1\u65533\'3Fs accosted by the four horsemen, he is taken to a hospital where he calls Rebekkah.  The quartet goes to visit him, where he explains to them what happened.  He now has several gashes and stictches on his face.  He is shaken but still determined to live a life of his own, so he moves in with Paul and Peter.  To protect himself emotionally, Fiore buys a tribal protection mask to cover his wounds, but mostly serve as a barrier.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf1}