{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red247\green247\blue247;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi0\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs22\cf1 Jotham's Parable}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf2
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1 The Parable}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf2
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1 "And when they told it to Jotham, he went and stood in the top of mount Gerizim, and lifted up his voice, and cried, and said unto them, Hearken unto me, ye men of Shechem, that God may hearken unto you. The trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them; and they said unto the olive tree, Reign thou over us. But the olive tree said unto them, Should I leave my fatness, wherewith by me they honour God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees? And the trees said to the fig tree, Come thou, and reign over us. But the fig tree said unto them, Shouldhttp://open.spotify.com/track/3hQ7B0LdBp1ETFr0bvr3i5 I forsake my sweetness, and my good fruit, and go to be promoted over the trees? Then said the trees unto the vine, Come thou, and reign over us. And the vine said unto them, Should I leave my wine, which cheereth God and man, and go to be promoted over the trees? Then said all the trees unto the bramble, Come thou, and reign over us. And the bramble said unto the trees, If in truth ye anoint me king over you, then come and put your trust in my shadow: and if not, let fire come out of the bramble, and devour the cedars of Lebanon."\uc1\u65533\'3FJudges 9:7-15}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf2
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1 The basic lesson of the parable is simple. The trees pictured Gideon and other worthy men of noble stature who felt that their calling was to serve in various capacities and not to assert rulership over their fellows. Only the lowly bramble, an unworthy scrub shrub\uc1\u65533\'3FAbimelech\u65533\'3Fwould be presumptuous enough to assume such a lofty office.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf2
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\cf1 But, Jotham warns in his parable, if the bramble does become king and notes a lack of trust, he will persecute with such power as to devour the most noble of the land, pictured by the majestic cedar of Lebanon. Future events bore out the accuracy of Jotham\uc1\u65533\'3Fs predictions, for within a short while civil war broke out and continued until Abimelech was slain; a millstone was cast upon him from the top of a tower.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\cf2
\par\plain {\f0\fs22\b1\cf1 Reviewing the history of the past six thousand years, we note three more worthy claimants were offered this position. They, like Gideon, declined the offer, esteeming their God-given roles as being more important than rulership.}
\par\plain \f0\fs22\b0\cf2}