{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=880, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 A thousand autumns shaped by the low angry sun painted the city auburn with naivety.  This moment only is where love existed for me.  Not love of a a person or of a moment but that real, transcendental stuff that never stops moving or waits for you to turn twenty one.  The memories are not tied to an event but a feeling, a burning and a long arm tearing stars from the sky and stuffing them into backpacks before they could get away.  A priestess in ripped jeans pointing through chainlink fences at places we wanted to be - if the gate\'92s locked we\'92ll jump it, if the night comes we\'92ll be safer anyway.  I just want to see the inside of you, the inside of everything, I just want to watch the gears turn and count the tiny timed sprockets that deliver these split-second gasps of oxygen into the vacuum we\'92ve wandered this long.  Loose turtleneck sweaters we try on at Goodwill wear like medals, like dirges for some lost warmth that knew this shell before us.  Our best Kerouac impression, crouched on a stoop somewhere feigning apathy for the working masses with an A to B they\'92re in some hurry to finish.  Ramen and eggs on a Saturday night, Morrisey whining in my ear about love and I think he should just look harder.  Its fucking everywhere.  In the blue and yellow boxes of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese, in between the bricks of tired buildings, under most floorboards and in most veins.  Yeah, its easy to find when you\'92ve got it.  I understand that now.  It\'92s gone but it was beautiful, and hell hath the man that forgets that.  }