{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1823, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17780\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	I had a dream last night that my dad drove us off a cliff because he refused to acknowledge that the road was about to end.  The front tire caught the first hint of the lip and I woke up yelling.  \'93That was so typical\'94 was all I could think.\
	My father never asked for an SUV full of kids, anymore than he asked for a cliff - marriage, fatherhood, it was just the only game left at the carnival that you could play for two tickets.  A late twenties hot shot wound his arm up and knocked down every bottle like always, and a man that smelled like whiskey and stagnant pond water handed him a basket full of me.  \
	Don\'92t get me wrong, I have vague memories of rolling around on plush white carpets with him, and photographs to fill in the gaps.  He was a good father for a while.  But as thirty crept towards forty, and forty on towards fifty, something started to bother him.  I think he wonders what he could have done with those last two tickets.  He yells at football games and calls nonsensical plays.  He tells me he\'92s in as good of shape as when he was twenty five.  He yells when you tell him to stop a car.  \
	I really think the cliff thing could happen.\
	Now I sit here reading a gaudy collection of famous last words online, a neon blue background with white comic sans hanging off the words like sad sequined outfits they didn\'92t take measurements for.  Anything could be better than what you\'92re going to say.  Cause I know what you\'92re going to say, you\'92re going to say \'93I love you\'94 and its not because you don\'92t mean it, you\'92ve just never understood, its not that easy.  The words won\'92t work.  Dress them in Papyrus, in Zapfino,  in Bickham Script Pro Semibold Display, nothing\'92s ever going to look right printed on your epitaph.  But you\'92ve probably got about ten years, so I guess I\'92ve got some time to decide.}