{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1632, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Come fly with me.  There\'92s an old man waking to his car across his green front lawn, at least I thought - he turns and weaves across the grass like a heatseaking missle with a thousand warm bodies distracting the senses and confusing his path.  His hat is cocked sideways but not for sake of irony, his shirt is stained with coffee or grease or whatever else could corrode a polyblend til it waves like a sad flag of defeat off a worn chest that\'92s seen a few too many contractions.\
Oh, he was just looking for the sprinkler.  It\'92s neon green plastic shell hides from cataract eyes what sticks out like a cuppoard someone is about to open in an early 90\'92s cartoon.  When he finally finds it he strangles the hose, an apparition, or just one more object holding gravity\'92s hand in a cosmic game of Red Rover pulling him closer to the ground.\
\
Unfold your wings, sacred!  When the ground disappears you\'92ve got to jump.  And if you haven\'92t got wings yet you better get busy growing them, cause those feet aren\'92t going to last you much longer.  Every minute ticks a crack through your veins that spin like second hands tearing open holes in what you thought was you, but was really just your shell.  Hold your breath, cause this one\'92s gonna hurt.  \
Helicopter blades!  Fucking helicopter clocks are going to pull you apart not because you\'92re weak but because you\'92re not human anymore.  Maybe we never were!  But no, I\'92ve never been so sure as now that whatever we\'92ve been we were never complete.  Completeness is a misnomer anyway, let me explain.  YOU ARE EVERYTHING.  We, together, all of it.  We were never anything but a dirty mirror.}