{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1998}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17840\viewkind1\viewscale122
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 When I was fifteen I met the love of my life.  I say that absolutely honest, we were young, I know, but if you would\'92ve seen us you would\'92ve agreed.  Her name was Jamie, and she could 
\i sing
\i0 .  She had this deep, jazzy voice and she used to sing me ella and Nina Simone songs like rubbing jelly on a slice of bread.  It was amazing.  \
When she was sixteen and I was seventeen she was in this accident, and she died.  Her dad was driving her to church and this guy ran a red and t-boned them.  I don\'92t think I\'92d ever cried so hard.  We were these little church kids, tragedy was so far removed from our matching t-shirt youth groups singing contemporary hits on Sunday morning.  God had never impacted our lives in such a direct way.  \
Anyway, as I got older and went to college I became agnostic, started to drink, and slowly shed that skin of the hyper-protective piety.  I started having panic attacks real bad.  I would get this really bad insomnia where I wouldn\'92t sleep for days.  I would take the pills they gave me but they wouldn\'92t work.  I would try to drink to relax, even though I wasn\'92t supposed to with the pills, and I still wouldn\'92t feel any better.  Sometimes after three or four days of not sleeping I would pass out wherever I was standing, just from pure exhaustion.  When I did, sometimes I would have these dreams of Jamie singing to me again.  She would be sitting on this shore somewhere, and I would be too, but there was this white river running between us.  I would try to get up and go over to her, but when I got close to the water she would start to look scared and put her hands up and stop singing, so I would go sit back down and she\'92d start again.  Anyway, I\'92d usually wake up about twelve hours later, in bed, on a couch or in a hospital - and I\'92d feel pretty good for a few more days.  \
I stopped having the panic attacks eventually, but I haven\'92t had the dreams since.  But I know that if I ever need her again she\'92ll come sing for me.  That\'92s enough for right now.}