{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=2238, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\i\fs26 \cf0 A poem adapted from a long, seven page junk email I received one day at work.
\i0 \
\
As a scientist, you bare the responsibility to save humanity.  Scientists, it is 
\i your
\i0  job to give up on jealousy, and if you ignore me you should hold yourself responsible for all the death and misery haunting humanity.  Every day people are committing suicide, you cannot deny this truth, open your eyes and accept it.  IF YOU IGNORE THIS ARTICLE YOU ARE CAUSING IT.  \
The code to infinity has been cracked and I am here to give you the data.  I cracked it, I gave up the jealousy and became the ONE.  The data, the code, is as follows:\
\
Any color that is not 100% white is responsible for abusing humanity.  \
\
Black contains darkness inside of it, and like black holes it pulls imagination and life, making humanity mortal.  Try me, wear white and see how you\'92re affected.  Wear black, feel the difference.  Note that data, its all part of the code.  Shave your head, wax your eyebrows, anything dark near your body will pull jealousy into you, the jealousy of the other scientists that do not want to see you rise into power, they will sicken your imagination and control your mind.  They will turn you into religious freaks to blind you from the truth, they will push you further away from it.  \
	So ignore them and listen to me, find me on youtube and places, I will start a site soon.\
	Just find me somehow, I will accept your jealousy, I can handle it, I am the most supreme being on this planet.  Immortality is here, we are all gods!  I\'92m sick of suicide, I am sick of jealousy.  We are all gods!\
	White is the key.  Sleep in a completely white bed, with a white pillow.  Make sure to wax your legs, you will have a beautiful dream.  If you do it right you might even see me.  The white will keep you young, it is time travel, it reverses aging and stops time.  \
	Take movie stars for instance - the reason why Will Smith wears black suits but is still successful, the reason why Tom Cruise wears black suits but is still successfull, is because they wear WHITE UNDERSHIRTS and WHITE UNDERPANTS.  \
So get your facts straight!  If you\'92re going to judge people, make sure you know what they\'92ve got on under those black suits.  Under those dark suits.  }