{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1054}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww13360\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale115
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Big Plan\
\
     It was three o\'92clock in the afternoon but it was still freezing in a small Utah subdivision near a lake.  Every piece of ground, minus streets, driveways, and patches of sidewalk, was carpeted in two to three feet of snow.  In front of Eric all that was visible was more snow, an iced over lake, and a barely noticeable arch of land transitioning into pure white mountains and then into clouds of the same color, which wrapped back the same way behind him.  A small black dog danced on the leash in front of him, dodging ice and snow drifts on the heartless attempt at cleared pavement.  \
     Eric walked to a park his dog liked, though it had not been cleared, and therefore voided the fun his dog might have had running up and down the plastic stairs.  Why this was such an entertaining activity he had never understood, still he was saddened to see him up to his ears in snow, putting all due effort into forging his way to the playscape.\
     \'93\'94Not today, buddy.\'94 Eric sighed, tugging the leash.  \'93No, I know, not much fun here.  Nothing I can do about it.\'94  the dog, panting with effort, at last retired to the park bench where Eric sat, starring off down a hill to the other side of the park.  A school bus was letting off high school kids, tearing the monochrome with the roar of a yellow school bus and a flock of colorful coats and backpacks.  They dispersed in different directions down the adjacent street except for the three who made their way up the hill of the park.  Two boys and a girl.  The boys were yelling and pushing eachother, while the girl picked up her pace and began climbing the hill at a near jog.\
	\'93Where are you going?\'94 one of the boys called, his hair eclipsing most of his face.  \'93We were serious.  C\'92mon.\'94  The other boy laughed, his hair curly and disorganized under a baseball hat, and shoved his friend in the side.  \'93Amber, come back, let us, c\'92mon,\'94 he called laughing.  \
	The girl\'92s look was serious.  She was small and slender but had a determination in her step that hung a stop sign on her back.  She paid the boys no mind.  \
	The boy with long hair gave a quick glance around, then jogged up to the girl.  He leaned in and said something Eric could not here but made her turn away in disgust and pick up the pace.  The boy\'92s expression turned hard as he grabber her elbow.  \'93Don\'92t say no,\'94 he said, followed by something else.  Eric began to feel uneasy.  The group hadn\'92t seemed to notice him.  He wrapped his dog\'92s leash around the base of the bench.  \
	Without warning the boy with long hair threw the girl to the ground and jumped on top of her.  She screamed and he covered her mouth with one hand, rolling up the sleeve of the other with his teeth.  \'93Joey man . . . \'94 the boy with curly hair said, at once scared and intrigued by what was happening.  \
	Without warning also the boy with long hair was granted a crippling blow to his temple by Eric\'92s fist, knocking him off the girl with a high pitched yelp.  The boy with curly hair ran forward, sheepishly at first and then with perceivable resolve, but Eric punched him squarely in the nose, then kicked him in the stomach, knocking him to where the snow tended the blood running from his face.  Eric\'92s dog barked maniacally in the distance.  The boy with long hair stood up with a crazed look, one that would scare away his school\'92s entire wrestling team, but shrunk slightly upon observing that Eric was visibly much older, larger, and did not need a crazy face to intimidate.  He stared cooly into the boy\'92s eyes, and though the boy swore and made a convincing run at Eric, he felt a fist once again sending him on a tangent towards the snow.  His eye was bleeding a little bit and his jaw hurt immensely.  \
	\'93Whraagdmmmbggg . . .\'94 the boy said, at once attempting obscenities and expressing pain and disbelief.  \
	\'93ID cards, now.\'94  Eric stated plainly, making a beckoning motion with his hand.  \
	\'93Whraaarrg?\'94 the boy with curly hair inquired.\
	\'93Give me your ID cards and get the hell out of here.\'94\
	\'93Whraht  . . . doo\'94 the other boy mumbled, standing.\
	\'93GIVE ME YOUR IDS AND GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE!\'94  Eric yelled like a maniac.  \
	The boys dug through their wallets and threw two student IDs on the ground before running a dead sprint in the opposite direction, a drip trail of blood behind them.  Eric stooped to pick up the cards.  \
	\'93Thank you . . .\'94 \
	The statement implied both sincere gratitude and astonishment.  Eric turned to view the girl he had defended.  Her hair was dark and flaked with snow, her lips red but not from blood, thank god, and the rest of her was wrapped in a long fitted peacoat.  She looked about fourteen.  \
	\'93Are you okay?\'94  Eric asked her.  \
	\'93Oh yeah, I\'92m fine, are you?  I, I wasn\'92t expecting you to hit them.\'94\
	Eric shrugged, cradling his still-throubbing wrist.  \'93Do you know them?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, kind of, they ride my bus.\'94 she said.  \
	\'93So they live around here?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, up the street.\'94\
	\'93I should walk you home.\'94  Eric replied.  \'93Let me get my dog.\'94\
	\'93No no no, its ok, they live in the opposite direction and besides,\'94  she reasoned hesitantly, unable to think of any real answer.  Eric untied his dog, which ran in circles for a few minutes, attempting to relive the excitement vicariously.  Eventually he calmed enough for the girl to pet him.  \
	\'93I\'92m Amber by the way,\'94  she said, rubbing the excited terrier\'92s face, \'93Thank you SO much, again, you didn\'92t have to do that.\'94\
	\'93Naw, don\'92t worry about it, I wasn\'92t just gonna . . . watch.\'94  They were walking now up the street.  \'93I\'92m Eric.  This is Jet.\'94  The dog bobbed ebulliently at the mention of his name.  He was getting a much longer walk than normal.  Eric struggled for smalltalk.\
	\'93So those guys, what happened?  They do that alot?\'94\
	\'93No, they\'92ve never done that before.\'94 Amber said, sounding embarrassed by the fact.  \'93Me and friends, we have this joke about us being easy.  Totally a joke, like, oh, Jessica, she\'92ll sleep with anyone or like Nicole made out with a stranger, or like . . .\'94 Amber was going to elaborate, but seeing Eric\'92s inability to conceive this particular brand of humor now thought better of it.  \'93 . . . anyway, those guys overheard us and must of thought we were serious.  We told them we were just joking, but they brought it up on the bus again.  They were saying really gross stuff, and that\'92s about where you come in.\'94\
	Eric considered the affairs he had been briefed on.  \
	\'93That\'92s not really funny, I don\'92t think.\'94 he said plainly.  \
	\'93What they did or our joke?\'94\
	\'93Neither.  I mean,\'94 Eric didn\'92t want to overstep his boundaries, \'93Guys that age don\'92t need much of a reason to be vulgar.  Making jokes like that, I know it shouldn\'92t, but I think it just eggs them on.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, you\'92re probably right.\'94 Amber said in a way that neither denied the fact nor suggested that she had any plan of changing her actions.  \'93Still . . .\'94\
	Amber signaled that they had reached her house.  \
	\'93Are your parents home?\'94  Eric asked.\
	\'93Yeah, my dad is.  Why?\'94\
	\'93Do you mind if I talk to him?\'94  Eric was already halfway up the driveway anyway.  Amber audibly sighed her discontent, but Eric was ringing the doorbell.  Amber\'92s father came to the door, looking a bit confused by the older visitor standing beside his daughter.  \
	\'93Hello.  Are you Amber\'92s father?\'94 Eric asked politely.\
	\'93 . . . Yes, I am, can I help you?\'94 He shot a momentary glance of disapproval at Amber.  Amber rolled her eyes.\
	\'93I was walking my dog when Amber got off the bus, and a couple of boys, also on the bus, began to assault her.\'94  Amber was confused by the put off by his abrupt exposition.  \'93I beat them off of her.  These are their ID cards, I suggest you notify the school or the police.\'94\
	\'93Uhh . . . Thanks.\'94  Amber\'92s father replied, a confirming smile creeping to his face.  \'93And, wait, who are you?\'94\
	\'93Oh, I\'92m Eric.  I was just walking my dog,\'94  Eric repeated.  \'93I wanted to walk her home since they live in the neighborhood.\'94\
	\'93Well, thank you Eric.  Alright Amber,\'94 he said in an authoritative, though perceivably hollow way, \'93Let\'92s get this straightened out.  Amber, you owe Eric a big thank you.\'94\
	\'93I know!  Thank you Eric.\'94\
	\'93No problem.\'94  Eric replied, humbly garnering the praise.  \'93Be careful, ok?\'94 He said a bit softer directly to Amber.  She smiled and nodded.  Amber petted Jet goodbye and the left back up the road.  \
\
	The next day Eric walked his dog at the same time, to the same park.  He idled by the bench while his dog fetted unsuccessfully in the snow}