{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author Nick Anderson}
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright 2008}
{\keywords cursorLocation=10004}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale129
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	Chapter 1\
\
	In a line, at Goodwill, Peter stood; holding a pair of gloves and a coffee mug etched with the words \'9350th anniversary\'94.  Peter does not drink coffee.\
	Behind him, Peter heard the obnoxious call that was a young child\'92s singing voice, piericing the air in a bittersweet anthem of oblivity that capitvated and inspired children of his age.  This child\'92s particular anthem came in the form of a drawn out, dramatic sing-song vocal piece that seemed to invite the other patrons to sing along, if only the words were cohherent and familiar.  \
	\'93Aaaaaanddd, aaaannnndddd . . . there\'92s a chaaaaaiirrrr . . . . aaaannnnddd, there\'92s a boooooooxxxxxxx\'94 he sang, head tilted skyward as if serranading the angels.  The song was never ending, much like the shopping trip that had brought Peter here.  Not that he was complaining.  He liked children, and he needed gloves.  He was generally a very patient person even at Goodwill on a Saturday (when everything except purple tags were half off)  but there is a time in the day when one realizes that too much has been done, to straining the day, and thoughts of rest flood them mind and like the lapping of the ocean Peter felt his toes tingle.  \'93Aaaaaandddd he has a grey shiiiiiiiiirrrrtt, an e\'92s got brown paaaaaants aaaaannnn he ain\'92t got no socks on!\'94  Peter realized the boy was singing about him.  He smiled sheepishly at his caroler, not sure of what to say to someone who found their muse in him.  The mother made no move to correct what was a potentially rude situation, so Peter pretended not to be listening, and turned his back, a warm ear to the boys song.  \'93Heeeeeeee, well, e ain\'92t that tall either, but e ain\'92t shooooooorrrrt.   Likes buildin things i s\'92pooooose, likes \'91is coffeeeee as weeeeelllllllll\'94.  Peter was impressed by the boy\'92s ingenuity and dedication to the subject he had started.  Suddenly, a change in pitch and melody.  \'93I I I I I am tirreeeed A A A A A And i want mom what IS that?\'94  His focus had drifted.\
	This day was prepatory, and collecting gloves was essential.  He had to look like he knew what he was doing, like he had done it before.  But what can one do to prepare to garden?  Other than being equppied there is little.  Metally prepared?  For gardening?  Is there such a thing?  Perhaps he was putting too much stock in this.  \
	It is a warm day where Peter is.  The sun is cutting through the city like hot knives, searching for souls to fill.  Tomorrow will be hot too, what will either be a good or a terrible day for gardening.  He felt the fingers of his gloves, looking at the way the\'92d been worn with someone else\'92s fingers.  Dirt still resided in the crevices of them, soil from who knows where.  He had picked a good pair.  He would look like he knew what he was doing.  He just had to remember to be confident!\
	Peter was of average height, as his patron had alluded.  What the child had failed to mention, much to Peter\'92s dismay, was how incredibly fit he looked in his sleevless shirt, muscles pratically bursting out of them.  Perhaps he was exxageratting slightly, but really, it was noticable.  He had worked too long and hard for a child not to be able to see this.\
	Peter took the bag handed to him by the attendant, recipt tucked roughly inside, and made his way to the door.  \'93There e goooooooes!\'94 preached the child.  \
	Once in his car Peter carefully inspected the parking lot\'92s fill of people, eventually finding confidence in lowering his windows and turning up his stereo, so that out the windows peaked the rythmic beauty of The Temptations.  Peter loves the oldies.  When he was young, his parents so feared the scary dynamic of modern music that they felt the only safe music to play in their cars, be it on long road trips or just a visit to the store, be the oldies.  They had been raised on it and they were fine, right?  They would outgrow it eventually, but it was a nice foundation.  Peter had not outgrown it - now when familiar songs appeared on commercials for Old Navy or Sonic, and his brother began singing mockingly, he had to pretend that he had not listened to the very song on the way to school the day before.  He was a closet oldies addict.  \
	Closet oldies addicts, especially ones Peter\'92s age, must find places to listen to thier music where others will not see or notice.  It is a game of deception.  For Peter, this meant frequent trips to Hamburger Stand, where the workers dressed as malt shop attendants and a real working juke box was stuffed with classic 45s that made Peter consider robbery.  He would wander up the jukebox with a puzzled expression, overexpressing the novelty of it as he laughed to himself.  \'93Ha!  Wow.  Hey, does this thing work?!\'94 the counter girl would roll her eyes, she had bore witness to this event every saturday since she had taken this up as her summer job.  She wondered if Ethel, the manager of this branch had been privy to this dialogue for years.  There was no way of telling.  \
	It did not matter to Peter though.  The show was for the other patrons.  \'93Ha ha say, i think i\'92ve got a quarter, let\'92s see here . . .\'94 He would browse quickly throught the wide index, The platters, the Turtles, The Everly Brothers . . . \'93I\'92ve never even heard of any of these bands!  Wow!\'94\
	The second best reason for going to Hamburger Stand was that it was so cheap you felt like you were stealing the fries and coke you got with your burger.  Peter unwrapped his, subtly praying to the form of bacon and guacamole that rest gently beneath the seedless bun.  The taste and texture was average at best, but the atmosphere could not be bought.\
	Today there was an added incentive of atmosphere.  Across the street was a strip club, and multiple girls in bikinis were washing cars, the sillouhettes of guilty men snuggled deeply beneath the tinted windows watching hungrily.  Each girl wielded a cartoon-sized sponge, and took turns wiping the cars half-heartedly as on or more stood near the corner of the street, squeezing water from the sponge onto their bodies overdramatically.  \
	A pair of construction workers occupied the window both, both sitting on the side of the table facing to window.  \'93See a tol you man.  Broncos hat. Polo shirt.  Dey all look like that.\'94  A man fitting that desciption was handing a wet woman a wad of bills.  \'93You know dey got kids at ome.  You know whas gonna happen.  He\'92ll get ome an is wife \'91ll be like, oh honey, you washed the caahhr!\'94  Both laughed.  \'93Yeah, wish i drove taday\'94.  They laughed again.  \
	Peter rolled his eyes, engrossed in his burger. He watched another man try to order with one eye out the window.  \'93Uh yeah i\'92ll have the . . . uh . . . do you guys still have the  . . . uh . . .\'94  Peter was wadding up his trash, throwing it in the THANK YOU bin.  As Peter pulled away the two men inside the Hamburger stand lifted out of their chairs to maintain full view.  \'93Damn damn damn!  Did you see what she was doing?!  I missed it.  Damn Car.\'94\
	\
	Chapter 2\
\
	Peter\'92s house was air conditioned nicely, despite the front door being open.  \'93Paul?!  Dammit Paul, the front door is WIDE open.  Where\'92s the cat?\'94\
	\'93He\'92s on my lap!\'94  called Paul.  \'93Sorry.  I got the mail.\'94  Peter was over it.  \
	\'93Hey, i got you some gloves.\'94 Peter said, tossing the bag onto Paul.  \
	\'93AUURGH!\'94\
	Peter had forgotten to take the mug out.\
	\'93Oh god, sorry. \'94  The cat had covered a surprising amount of ground, and was frantically licking itself behind the TV.  \
	\'93Augh, you got me 
\i what
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93
\i Gloves
\i0 , for tomorrow.  You don\'92t want to garden without gloves.\'94\
	\'93Oh, that, ah, i\'92m not sure i\'92m going to go.\'94\
	Peter had forseen this, and was not allowing it.  \'93What?  Why not?\'94  He tried his best to look personally offended.  \
	\'93What do you care?  I just have other things to do.  Sorry you bought me gloves.  I didn\'92t ask you too.\'94\
	\'93Why aren\'92t you 
\i going
\i0 ?  She 
\i asked
\i0  you to come.  What, you nervous?\'94\
	All Peter really knew was that a girl, a 
\i pretty
\i0  girl, mind you, had asked Paul to garden with her tomorrow.  If you knew Paul, and if you knew Peter, as you soon will, you would see why this was significant.  Suffice to say Paul was not asked to do many things by many pretty girls and Peter was damn sure that Paul would not be screwing this one up just because he was nervous.  
\i Nervous
\i0  was what girls were all about.  It was temporary and necessary.  It was not a stopping point.  \
	\'93I\'92m not nervous, i . . . i mean, 
\i gardening
\i0 ?\'94  Paul was becoming defensive.  \
	\'93Who says you won\'92t like it?  Aren\'92t emo kids supposed to like sensitive crap like that?\'94\
	\'93I am not emo!\'94 Paul hated this, always the ending point for arguments between Paul and Peter.  Once the card had been played, there was no more forward progression.  \
	\'93Oh don\'92t get all emo about it!  Gonna go write me some poetry about how gardening with pretty girls makes you feel?\'94\
	\'93Fuck you!\'94  Paul didn\'92t mean it.  Peter knew this.  He enjoyed getting him worked up, especially when he rarely spoke above a whisper.  He felt that it was probably good for him.  \
	\'93Look\'94 Peter said.  \'93The work is done.  Show up.  Shove some seeds in the ground.  Talk to the girl.  It\'92s not rocket science.  It will be easier than you think.\'94\
	Paul sulked a little still, not ready to respond on a normal level.  \
	\'93What time does it start?\'94\
	\'93Seven.\'94\
	\'93I\'92ll drive you.  Better than mom or dad.\'94\
	\'93This mug for me too?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  Mom won\'92t get as mad about you drinkin so much if you don\'92t leave her mugs all over the place with the grounds settling into the bottom.  Just use this one.\'94\
	\'9350th anniversary?\'94\
	\'93It\'92s ironic.\'94  \
	Paul laughed.  It was.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 3\
\
	It was 6:55.  Paul was sure they were going to be late.  Paul was standing next to the passenger door of Peter\'92s sedan, rocking from foot to foot.  It was a surprisingly chilly morning for June.  \
	Peter jingled out the door a few seconds later, shaking his keys.  \'93Found \'91em!\'94.  Paul was begining to regret this decision.  \
	\'93Why do we always have to listen to crappy metal when you drive?   Does your brain shut off if it\'92s not being pounded by double bass?\'94\
	\'93Hey, this is the music i 
\i like
\i0 , i\'92m sorry you can\'92t see how awesome it is.  Plus driver chooses music, always.  When you can drive you can pick the music.\'94\
	\'93When i can drive you will be in college, that\'92s a moot point.\'94\
	Peter took a second to check his brother, slouched like usual up against the car door.  If not a car door it was always something, as if his body could not support itself.  Sometimes it was the arm of the couch, or the dinner table.  He and Paul had had Spanish 1 together due to a scheduling oversight, in which Peter had ended up a year behind, and Paul had sat the same way in his desk, glaring at his classmates under the brim of his raised hood, not saying a word to them.  He acted completly different.  Peter had tried to joke with him, make light of the situation they had been placed in.  Paul acted like he had never seen him before, as if the social attention pained him. \
	\'93 . . . Hey, you know that thing you do?\'94  Peter tried to approach the subject carefully.  Paul looked confused.  \'93That thing where . . . you don\'92t talk to anybody?  You shouldn\'92t do that today.  Girls don\'92t like that.\'94\
	Paul laughed and leaned further into the door.  \
	\'93I know, i know . . . but i mean it though.\'94  Peter tried his best to end the laughter with a note of sincerity.  Paul remained silent.  Sometimes it was hard to tell if the message had made it all the way in.  \
\
Chapter 4\
\
	Paul was now standing at the front gate of the schools soon to be gardening area, a giant glove on each hand, doubt looming in his heart.  He felt like a delusional micky mouse, preparing for the danse macabre on a sunny day where instead of bobbing and singing the trees and animals would boo and throw excrement.  \
	Rebekkah was standing in the center of the garden, hand cocked upward, parallel to body, with a bag of seeds hanging restlessly in her hand.  She was talking politely to a boy in their grade about how seeds were to be planted.  He seemed to have already irradically dug holes at random in the dirt, and though he was too far away to hear their conversation, he could see Rebekkah making a continual straight motion with her arm, then pointing to lines of  flowers that had already been planted.  \
	What do you say to a pretty girl that has only spoken to you once, and took the occasion to invite you to garden with her?  Peter stared blankly at him when he had asked this.  He could not think of anything either but the smirk on his face said that he would, indeed, be saying something, even if it was stupid.  Paul was inept, he recognized this, so he supposed that he was being given the worst hands since god knew he would just fold anyway.  \
	Let me set things into perspective for you - Paul is fifteen, and he is a sophomore in high school.  His brother Peter is 18, a senior.  There are other family members too, but they are not important just yet, or maybe will never be important, for so often in life we find that people we think to be significant often aren\'92t and people who aren\'92t become so over time, and either way no one is a main character for long.  This is the way Paul thought when he thought about Rebekkah, the way he thought about all girls that caught his fancy - they rose, they fell, and unanimously remained more or less unaware of his exisitance.\
	But Rebekkah was a special case (who was he kidding?  They were all special cases).  She had track HIM down, initiated conversation, and chatted a bit before inviting him.  The inviting took place last.  First (now keep in mind, this is just to the best of Paul\'92s recolection), she had approached him from behind.  After getting his attention she pointed out that they were in the same geometry class, and then talked at length about the approaching test.  That\'92s her angle (no pun intended), he had thought, i\'92m quiet so i must be smart, and you\'92re pretty so you must be dumb.  But quickly she changed subjects, asking about school in general and his interests, finding a huge variety of things to touch on.  Things happened to quickly for Paul to grab onto every little detail.  Now he sifted the memory through his hands like sand, looking for something large to cling to.  She had talked about many things.  Then, she concluded by informing him that the school was planting a garden and that they needed people to plant seeds.  It would not take long, only a few hours, and they would start and finish early.  Lunch would be provided.\
	That was all he had to cling to.  He was sure that Rebekkah had mentioned things about herself, personal things that could be used in conversation drive it, but at the time he had been so focused on the anylysis that he had ended up analyzing nothing at all.  He would make a horrible scientist.  Or maybe just a horrible scientist of girls.  If the subject was less interesting then he could have done it.  But why would he want to make a career out of studiying something borring?  Wait, why was he thinking about scienists?  \
	\'93Paul!\'94 Rebbekah waved excitedely from where she stood, between the picnic table and the kid planting the turnips in spirals.  Radiant - the world came to Paul\'92s mind, and for the first time he felt that he knew what it meant.\
	\'93I\'92m so gald you came!  I was afraid no one was going to show up.  You never know when you invite people to something like this.  Sometimes there\'92s a whole bunch, sometimes it\'92s just the people who feel obligated.  You didn\'92t feel obligated did you?  I wouldn\'92t want you to be here if that were the case.\'94\
	Paul was starring at her nervously.  \'93No, i, i didn\'94\
	\'93Good.  And that was stupid, i would want people to be here if they felt obligated, i mean, it\'92s more people right?  And if you were i wouldn\'92t let you leave.  We\'92re locking the gate behind you!  Hahaha! . . .\'94\
	\'93Rebekkah! Leave him alone!  It\'92s early.  Not everyone\'92s ready for you just yet.\'94\
	Another girl, sitting on her knees in the soil, was waving a spade at Rebekkah, chastising her bubbliness.  \
	\'93Sorry!\'94 Rebekkah laughed, hanging her head in mock shame.  \'93Sorry sorry i know, i\'92m like this at school in the morning too.  It annoys the crap out of people.  Probably yourself as well.  I\'92ll cut to the chase then.\'94 She handed him a bag of seeds.  \'93Oh, you brought your own gloves!  Wow, you done this before?\'94 Paul smiled ambiguisly, as he really had not yet decided how to answer.  \'93Good good!  Boy i know how to pick \'91em.  Ok - Radishes.  Back wall.  Keep \'91em straight . . . if you can.  Just use your eye.\'94  With this she pointed back and forth between her eyes and his with two fingers.  For a moment, Paul was caught.  Rebekkah smiled sweetly and trotted off.  More people were wandering in the gate.  \'93Hellloooooooo!\'94\
	Paul was shoveling dirt in clumps from the ground, dropping the seed in, recovering them.  He was moving swiftly down the row.  \
	What had she meant by that finger to eye pointy move.  She had been standing jauntingly, attractively.  She looked into his eyes when she did so like slurping from a straw.  Why had she thought she annoyed Paul in the morning?  That\'92s what was being implied, correct, that he, as well, was annoyed by her in the morning.  He had never talked to her in the morning.  And he was not annoyed.  Had he looked annoyed?  Her friend - Paul thought he remembered her name being Lindsey - what had prompted her to interrupt?  Did he look annoyed?  Oh god oh god oh god.  The digging of the spade became bitter and paniced, as if the dirt was the heart of an assailant, and he was removing blood and internal organs and piling them into a neat pyramid beside him, then reorganizing them back inside . . . actually, if anything the seed was the heart.  It was what would be growing, right?  If anything this resembled surgery.  Open it up, put in the seed, put it back together, and tada!  There was life.  Huh.\
	As Paul shifted to start the next hole, he found there to already be one.  There, not three feet in front of him, was the irradic planter.  \
	\'93This is where the carrots are going!\'94  he said cheerfully.  \'93It looks like we got off track somewhere!\'94  There was no question in Paul\'92s mind who, exactly, had gotten of track.  \'93What do you say?  We\'92ll plant both a radish and a carrot seed and see what grows.  Perhaps there will be a struggle!  Or, an alliance.\'94\
	Yes, this was definitely a day for folding.  Still, Paul was still so caught up in sorting through the conversation that he nodded distractedly and tossed the seed in the hole.  \
	\'93I am Fiore, by the way.\'94 \
	Paul took him in.  dark complexion, goofy shorts.  That was about all there was to him.  \
	\'93Lunch time!  Come make a sandwhich!\'94  Rebekkah from the picnic table.  One by one the gardeners arose, and made their way to the table.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 5\
\
	A picnic table is not very long, still Paul found away to be distanced and detached from the rest of the group.  He was all but hanging off the edge of the long wooden bench, The ingredients provided had been a loaf of bread and packages of forboeding blocks of ham and cheese.  Unnatural.  Still, Paul was hungry.  \
	Rebekkah sat on a lawn chair at the head of the table, the founder of the feast, making sure everyone was feed and happy.  \'93Fiore, please just take one slice of meat until everyone\'92s had some.\'94  She was a nurturer, a consuler.  Hands outstretched like Jesus at the last supper, feeding her children.  Paul couldn\'92t believe she could like people that.  \
Unhurt by the repremand, Fiore wandered aimlessly for a bit before settling directly in front of Paul.  He took a large bit out of his sandwhich.\
	\'93So i\'92ve been thinking, about our Radarrot.\'94\
	Paul could not beleive, also, how ureceptive Firore was to body language.  Paul nodded in a way that was polite while still saying \'93Not interested, buddy\'94 but still his jaw jammered on like a toy that had been wound to tight and still had several hours left in the spring.  \
	\'93Don\'92t misunderstand - If there is a fight, it could be quite dramatic.  I imagine shape would have a lot to determine in the battle.  They should be armed, with swords perhaps!  Darn.  We should have planted sewing needles with them.\'94\
	Paul was still thinking about Rebekkah.  On a scale from one to ten, how had the conversation gone?  If Peter had been there to witness it, what would he have said?  Did that count?  Could he go home now?\
	Fiore was still going strong.  \'93You know planting is a very interesting proccess.  It reminds me of surgery.\'94\
	Paul looked up.\
	\'93If you think, i see that the ground is in need of repair.  It is just dirt, lifeless and dead, with worms crawling about in it.  It is like a body.  The seed is like a soul.  Neither can exist without the other.  And we, we are like god.\'94\
	\'93You feel divine planting?\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t you?  look at this gorgeous weather!  We could not have picked a better day.\'94\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\qc
\cf0 * * * * *\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
	Peter was at the gym, lifting heavy objects repeatedly so that the the strain would cause his arms to grow larger.  He was using the mirrors on the walls to look at other people in the gym, finding no one familiar or close to his age.  Old guy on the treadmill.  Mother on the \'93walking on air\'94 machine (there is probably a more appropriate name for this, but Paul didn\'92t know it.  It\'92s not like they were labeled or anything).  \
	Still, Peter found reason to continue.  The benifits did not simply occur today, in this musty gym, who had painted their ceiling the same color as the carpet for some reason.  His arms would be larger, his muscles more apparent with each consecutive lifting of the dumbell.  \
	Peter had no time for machines that simulated the feeling of walking on air.  That was not strenuous.  That was not impressive!  It was not real or raw like grunting on a bench with a large cluster of metal in each hand.  He had to feel that this time honored workout, not aided by mechanics and electronics, was better for him.  More natural.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\qc
\cf0 * * * * *\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Now that lunch was over, Paul felt better.  He had drank a coke, had some food in his belly, and it no longer felt to be such an outlandish time to be awake.  He grabbed a second package of Radishes.  He glared at Fiore, still munching his sandwhich.  Fiore smiled and waved.\
	Knees in the rich soil,  Paul now felt more apt to take care in how he dug.  A body.  He felt more presence when he placed the seed.  A soul.  He was going much slower now.\
 	\'93Hello friend!  How are your radishes?\'94 Fiore was still with his carrots, and seemed to be making a B line in his holes to reach a comfortable conversation distance with Paul.\
	\'93Umm . . . Good i guess.\'94\
	\'93You\'92re planting slower!  I am beating you!  Did you use all your energy before lunch?  That is a poor strategy.\'94\
	\'93No, i\'92m not tired.\'94 Paul began digging faster, showing Fiore the results of each scoop like a bottle of wine in the spade.  \
	\'93Oh i see, i see.  Not fatigue, just focus!\'94  Fiore became quiet, mimicking the silence he recieved from Paul.  He laughed.  \'93I\'92m sorry.  I just can\'92t do it.  It is no fun to take gardening so seriously.\'94  Fiore stretched his arms out and balanced on them, sweating slightly into the dirt.  Paul noticed that he was missing his pinky and ring finger on his left hand.  \
	\'93Still, planting is important, and if we are to understand anything, i think it should be planting.  I envy your ability to plant with dilegence.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s not intentional.\'94\
	\'93Then i admire your ability to think without meaning too.  It is a rare skill.\'94\
	\'93It is an annoying skill.\'94\
	\'93A skill none the less.\'94\
	\'93You guys talkin bout ur skiilllllzzzz?!\'94 Rebekkah laughed, approaching.  She turned a little red at the confused glances she recieved from Paul and Fiore.  \'93Haha sorry that was lame . . .\'94\
	Don\'92t make her feel annoying again!  Paul softened his expression, trying to look appreciative of her poorly timed humor.\
	\'93Paul is very good at planting.  He seems to be thinking about each seed individually.  Look at the tidy beds he has made for each one:\'94 Fiore pointed at the long row, nearly semetrical.  \
	\'93Wow!  I\'92m impressed!\'94 Rebekkah said, looking Paul directly, centered, in his eyes.  \
	Paul had seen a movie once where a man\'92s eyes were operated on - a tiny knife cut the eyeball open, and then the tiny flaps of tissue was pinned back while other blades searched the interiror; inpsecting, sorting, diagnosing.  Looking a girl in the eyes, Paul felt, was exactly the same experience.  In the movie, the character was strapped down, being held against his will, and to show how tough he was, he smiled.  Paul was not being held - he was here by choice.  Still, he felt a smile might be appropriate in his situation as well.  \
	Her smiled broadened, her nose crinkled a bit and she let out a small giggle.  It had been a good choice.  \
	\'93Well, i\'92m not surprised.  You showed up with those beat up gloves, i figured you meant business!\'94  Saying this she hooked her right arm upward like showing off a strong arm.  \'93Good.  Let me know if you guys need any help, or water.  Don\'92t forget to drink lots of water.\'94  Rebekkah gave them a double thumbs up, then sort of seperated her arms to point one at each of them, before scampering away again.  \
	\'93She is very strange.\'94  Fiore said.  \'93But very nice.\'94\
	\'93I agree.\'94  Paul dug half of a hole.  \'93Hey, thanks for saying that.\'94\
	\'93Please,\'94 said Fiore, motioning \'91no thank you\'92.  \'93Those who deserve praise should receive it.\'94\
\
	That night, Paul would write in his notebook.  It was not a diary.  Just because he wrote in it every night, and used it as a means to reflect on the days events, did not mean it was a diary.  Girls and emo boys kept diarys.  Paul kept a notebook.  \
	In his notebook he was writing about the garden, and the idea that it was growing souls.  Paul wrote this:\
	\'93
\i I think that maybe i have a garden somewhere.  And all the plants are the people i know.  I think my garden is very empty.
\i0 \'94
\i   
\i0 Paul tapped his pen on his comforter.  \'93
\i I think that maybe I don\'92t water them enough, or maybe too much.  I\'92m not sure.  I can\'92t get anything to grow, so i stopped trying.
\i0 \'94  Paul scratched his head.  He wanted to make sure it came out right.\
\'93
\i I blame the soil.  I don\'92t think that it was meant to be planted on.  I\'92m not complaining . . . If that\'92s the way it is then that is the way it is.
\i0 \'94  Paul sniffled a little bit.  He wasn\'92t crying.  He doesn\'92t.  \
	Would you believe that Rebekkah kept a diary too?  She did not mind calling it a diary, for she never felt that she might have to defend it.  She has written many things in the diary tonight.  This is not uncommon, she bought notebooks in packs of threes.  But there is more than usual.  I cannot tell you what it says, because her thoughts are too private, too intimate.  You would not understand them if i told you anyway, for this is what it is like to be a girl, where the concept of a diary itself finds its origins.  \
	Alright, i will tell you a little bit.  Tonight Rebekkah has written \'93I don\'92t feel like a princess\'94 many times over and over again.  \
	Here is something you may not know about girls - inside their head, there is an 
\i imago dei
\i0  of what a lady is and should be.  And inside that there is the real girl, scared because she does not fill it out at all; everywhere there is left over space, allowing sobs to echo and return days and years later.  It is hard to tell sometimes if you are crying over something that happened today or many years ago.  \
	Rebekkah\'92s mom, who is a very smart woman, told her this:  \'93You are always the princess, but he is not always the prince.\'94  Rebekkah knows that half of this is true.  She does not know any princes.  But she is not a princess.  \
	Rebekkah is not sniffling, she is crying.  Rebekkah does.  \
	\
	\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 6\
\
	Here is something now.  There are winds of change blowing.  Fiore noticed it first.  Outside his door it did not feel like earth.\
	Peter felt it next.  The windows were down but the air smelled different.  He could not tell what it now smelled like.  \
	Then Rebekkah sensed it.  When she woke up, the light was dancing strangely, producing patterns on her walls that seemed to be spelling something frantically in a language she did not understand.\
	Paul did not wake up that morning.  \
	Not right away at least.  This was the first week of summer vacation.  He could not beleive he had volunteered to help garden the first weekend he had off.  Relax already!  \
	Paul thought of Rebekkah.  The moment of her smile played through his mind like a fond memory of an orgasm - and with the special dream-like qualities your mind has in the morning, before it has been stirred completely awake, Paul added more to it.\
	\'93I\'92m reaaallly glad you came Paul.\'94\
	Notice the emphasis on \'91really\'92.  She clearly meant something by it.  What was that sublte expression in her brow?  That come-hither stare?\
	\'93So Paul, can i get your number?  So that i can call you if we garden again?\'94\
	This rendition had a sensual twist to it.  A few times she licked her lips while saying it, like sealing an envelope full of ripe intentions.  \
	\'93I wish you didn\'92t have to go Paul . . . Are you sure you can\'92t stay longer?\'94\
	\'93Hey, you\'92ve got me number.  Gimme a call sometime.\'94\
	What a smooth response!  He even winked.  This made her giggle.  The giggle the smile produced was being played in loop through his mind.  She found almost everything he said funny.  \
	Paul was not very good at making pancakes, but this did not stop him.  His specialty was duality pancakes, in which one side was burned and the other was barely a step beyond batter.  It seemed to balance them out.  \
	Paul poured the batter lacksidasically into the heated pan - slowly, dripping lines back and forth, into the shape of of a fish.  What was the point of making round pancakes only?  \
	Suddenly Paul felt it.  Deep in the darkest reaches of himself, he sensed the change.  The smoke rising from his pancakes suddenly tasted very bitter.  \
	Paul was sobered almost immediately by the fact that his pancakes were producing smoke.  One duality-cake was finished.  Paul scooped it out, and began pouring again.\
	A booming voice bounced the bowl out of  his hands.  \'93ATTENTION EVERYONE EVERYWHERE.  PLEASE GATHER.\'94\
	Paul was now seated on the floor, coated in batter.  His cat was behind the TV again.  In the distance he could hear car alarms going off.  \
	\'93EVERYONE.  THE RAPTURE IS NOW BEGINNING.  PLEASE GATHER.\'94\
	Outside the window Paul could see a large throne taking up approximately three city blocks only a few miles away.  On the throne sat a large man wearing a cape.  His phone was ringing.  It was Peter.  \
	\'93Paul, what the fuck, did you hear that?  Can you see it from where you are?\'94\
	\'93YEAH!  Seriously what the fuck!  What the fuck!  Zorro\'92s behind the TV it\'92s so loud.\'94\
	\'93There\'92s a guy doing squats here, he seriously threw his weights across the room.  It broke a glass door.\'94\
	\'93Are you going to go look at it?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, hold on, i\'92ll come pick you up.  Let me put on my THIS WILL NOT TAKE LONG.  PLEASE STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND GATHER see you in a few.\'94  Paul could barely hear Peter\'92s goodbye over the yelling.  \
	Paul was danching nervously from foot to foot, out on his porch, waiting for Peter to get there.  The voice was louder from outside, and it was definitely coming from the man on the throne.\
	\'93PLEASE.  WE CANNOT BEGIN UNTIL EVERYONE IS HERE.  PLEASE LEAVE WHAT YOU ARE DOING, YOU ARE INCONVIENCING YOUR FRIENDS AND NEIGHBORS WHO SHOWED UP WHEN I ASKED THE FIRST TIME.\'94\
	The man was absently sorting through a gigantic stack of papers that had be the surface area of a Wal-Mart.  The rustling created by them produced a breeze that was shaking the leaves on his neighbor\'92s oak tree.  One piece slipped from the stack, creating a huge shadow over a crowd of people already assembled in front of him.  They screamed in horror as it floated lazily towards them.  The man tried to catch it, bouncing off the fingers a few times, before he finally snatched it about thirty feet from the ground.  \
	\'93SORRY.  I DID NOT MEAN TO FRIGHTEN YOU.  THOUGH THAT CERTAINLY WOULD HAVE MADE THINGS GO a lot FASTER, AM I RIGHT? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA\'94\
	The man\'92s humor was not well received.  \
	Peter did not feel this was an appropriate time for speed metal.  The morning already looked like a death metal album cover.  Still, there was no need for silence.\
	\'93So, did you talk to that girl yesterday?\'94\
	\'93What?  This doesn\'92t really feel like an appropriate time.\'94\
	\'93Well when would be better?  After the large man on the throne, who has already destroyed the good half of the mall, drops a giant sheet of paper on us?\'94\
	\'93You saw that too?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, you think he would be more careful.  You think he\'92s just messing with us?  What do you think he wants?\'94\
	\'93How would i know?  It looks like he\'92s waiting for everyone to get here before he says anything.\'94\
	The man had now come to calling people out indivdually.  \'93HERMAN.  HERMAN ALLIS.  THE DISHES CAN WAIT.  THIS IS IMPORTANT.  I MUST SEE YOU IN PERSON.  SARAH.  I CAN SEE YOU UNDER YOUR BED.  PAUL AND PETER  . . . OH, YOU\'92RE ON YOUR WAY.  NEVERMIND.\'94\
	\'93Do you think you should have brought Zorro?\'94\
	\'93MELINDA ALREADY ASKED THAT.  NO, DO NOT BRING YOUR PETS.\'94\
	\
	When Paul and Peter arrived there were not many places to park.  Peter was right, half the mall had been crushed, and the parking lot had been converted into an apocylptic tailgate party.  Many people were handling the situation in different ways - some were circled in prayer, others went the opposite route, carrying large armfulls of electronics out of what was left of Best Buy.  Generally though, the crime and violence was surpressed.\
	\'93MICHAEL!  PUT THOSE BACK.  YES, ALL OF THEM.  I SWEAR.  WE CAN\'92T GET ANYTHING DONE IF YOU\'92RE GOING TO . . . PUT IT . . . THANK YOU.\'94\
	Most of the people, however, stood quietly, arms crossed, rocking nervously like Paul had done on his porch.  Despite the initial crushing of the mall and surrounding outlets, this new entity seemed for the most part harmless, and seemed in favor of order and reason.  \
	\'93ALRIGHT, WE\'92RE WAITING ON KAREN.  KAREN, TURN LEFT, YOU WILL GET HERE FASTER.  YES, THERE\'92S NO TRAFFIC ON DOWNING RIGHT NOW. . . IT DOESN\'92T MATTER IF ITS A ONEWAY, YOU ARE THE ONLY PERSON STILL DRIVING.\'94\
	Though there had to be nearly a hundred thousand people on his side of the throne alone, Paul was able to spot Rebekkah.  They lived in the same neighborhood, so he supposed it was reasonable that the ened up in the same general section.  She was standing alone, pacing nervously like most everyone else.  \
	\'93That\'92s the girl, isn\'92t it?\'94 Peter had picked up on Paul\'92s desperately awkward starring.  \'93Boy, she is cute.  We\'92ve got a few minutes til Karen gets here, go talk to her.\'94\
	Before he could formulate a response that to explain how absurd this proposal had been, Rebekkah saw Paul, and waved.\
	\'93AH!  Look at that!  She wants to talk to you!  I\'92ll be over here at the Sonic table . . . 3.  See it?  Find me when you\'92re done.\'94  There was the wafting of the Beach Boys comming from Sonic\'92s still working speakers.  It seemed like an inapropriate time for surf music, but it was an equally bad time for flirtation, looting, and doing much of anything besides staring at the great face counter paperwork in front of them, so everyone seemed willing, and happy, to let a few things slide.\
	\'93KAREN?  YOU\'92RE AT THE WENDY\'92S?  NO, THAT\'92S TOO FAR.  WAIT, YOUR AT 
\i THAT
\i0  WENDYS?  HOW DID YOU GET THERE IF YOU TOOK DOWNING?\'94\
	\'93Paul!\'94 Rebekkah was yelling over the noise.  \'93Oh my god can you believe this?!  What do you think he want?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know, but i bet it\'92s important.  Or at least crucial to our safety.\'94  \
	This made Rebekkah laugh.  Paul smiled despite himself - That was surprisingly clever and non-awkward.  It seemed that this new-found vexation had shooken him enough to halt his self-censoring.  \
	\'93Yeah, this is freaky.  He scared the crap out of me when he first started talking.  I was brushing my teeth, and I almost put a hole through my cheek.\'94\
	\'93I was making pancakes.  I spilt batter all over myself.\'94\
	\'93Ahhh.  I wasn\'92t going to say anything, but you kind of smell like an Ihop.  Not in a bad way!\'94 she said, making a \'91stop\'92 motion with her hands.  \
	\'93That\'92s ok.  At least i wasn\'92t, like, dismantiling a bomb or something.\'94\
	Rebekkah looked confused.  \
	\'93ALRIGHT EVERYONE.  KAREN IS HERE.  EVERYBODY SETTLE DOWN SO WE CAN GET STARTED.\'94\
	Peter scurried through the crowd to rejoin Paul, and was hastily introduced to Rebekkah.  Formalities had scarcely been exchanged when the man on the throne began.\
	\'93ALRIGHT.  WELCOME EVERYONE, AND THANKS FOR COMMING.  MY NAME IS ROBERT.  I HAVE COME TO TELL YOU THAT THE RAPTURE IS BEGINING TODAY.\'94\
	Paul could hear distance shouting.\
	\'93WHAT?  THAT . . . NO, THERE ARE NO HORESMEN.  PESTILENCE?  NO, LISTEN, NOTHING IS GOING TO HAPPEN UNTIL WE GET ORGANIZED.  ALL WE ARE DOING TODAY IS NUMBERS.\'94\
	The people who had been praying looked confused.  Some of them were shouting at the man, while those around them nodded and bowed.\
	\'93JESUS?  NO, I ALREADY SAID, I\'92M ROBERT.  NO, SORRY, I AM NO LONGER TAKING QUESTIONS.  LISTEN, THIS IS GOING TO TAKE FOREVER IF YOU ARE NOT QUIET.\'94\
	The people finally accepted this and waited quietly while Robert found the first page of the documents he had been sorting.  \
	\'93OK.  ALEX ADKINS: 54.  AMANDA ADKINS : 328.\'94\
	The people looked confused.  Slowly they began mumbling to one another.\
	\'93JESSICA ARCHULETA: 12.  DON - I HEAR WHISPERING.  PLEASE BE QUIET.  WHAT\'92S THAT?  WHAT DO THEY MEAN?\'94\
	Everyone was nodding, yes, yes, what do they mean?\
	\'93THEY ARE YOUR ASSESMENT NUMBERS.  I TAKE YOUR SHEETS . . .\'94  Robert held a giant piece of paper towards the crowd, showing it around like a picture book at storytime.  The paper had writing on it, but it was in an unknown language.  The strange text was interspursed with numbers, which had been annotated and included notes and long division worked out by hand.  \
	\'93I LOOK AT YOUR NUMBERS, I WORK THEM THROUGH, AND GIVE YOU THE RESULT.  PLEASE REMEMBER YOUR NUMBER.  IT WILL BE IMPORTANT IN THE COMING WEEKS.\'94	\
	This frightened the crowd even more.  People began wiping out napkins and reciepts, finding pens or lipstick with which to write.  \
	\'93OK.  LET\'92S . . . AMANDA?  WELL YOU SHOULD HAVE REMEMBERED IT.  NO I CAN\'92T . . . OK, 328.  GOT IT?  ALRIGHT.  DOES ANYONE ELSE NEED THIER NUMBER REPEATED BEFORE WE MOVE ON?  STEPHANIE?  45.87342.\'94\
	Peter listened hard for his name.  He had produced a sheet of computer paper from his car, and had promised to share it and his only pen with Paul and Rebekkah.  He would write down all their numbers so time would not be lost passing the pen back and forth.  Robert had started out in alphebetical order, but it seemed that some of his papers had gotten out of order.\
	\'93MONICA LAMBERT: 4/8THS.   . . . NO, IT IS NOT THE SAME AS ONE HALF.  PLEASE, EVERYONE, DO NOT REDUCE YOUR FRACTIONS.\'94\
	Peter was hoping his number would be easy to remember.\
	\'93PETER WILLIAMS: 11.\'94\
	That was easy to remember!  Probably the easiest of the bunch.  \
	\'93PAUL WILLIAMS: 1.\'94\
	The crowd turned and stared in awe.  Paul turned red.\
	\'93Good job Paul!  Numba 1!\'94 cheered Rebekkah.  Paul shook the attention off.\
	\'93We don\'92t even know what they mean. What does it even mean to be number one?  This is  ridiculous.\'94\
	\'93THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT PAUL.  IT IS NOT RIDICULOUS.  JILL TAYBOR:  -43/8.\'94\
	\'93Will you guys wait until my number is called?\'94 asked Rebekkah politely.  \'93I don\'92t have anything to write with.\'94\
	\'93Oh yeah sure, we weren\'92t going anywhere.\'94  Peter smiled encouragingly at Paul.  \'93I\'92ll be back at Sonic.\'94  Peter walked away, flashing back only momentarily to give Paul a big cheesy thumbs up.  \
	\'93So that was your brother?  He seems pretty nice . . .\'94\
	\'93Yeah, he\'92s alright.  So how did you get here?\'94\
	\'93Oh, i was already at the mall.\'92\'94\
	Paul was taken aback.  \'93Oh god . . . but you\'92re alright?\'94\
	\'93Oh yeah, he landed on the other side.  I got lucky,  I was just getting hungry for a pretzel . . \'94\
	\'93REBEKKAH MOORE: 541.\'94\
	\'93I got it!\'94 yelled Peter from Sonic.  Rebekkah took a minute to process this.\
	\'93Hey, not bad.  Easy to remember.\'94 Paul pointed out.  \'93Umm . . . something wrong?\'94\
	\'93Oh, no.\'94 Rebekkah appeared a little dissapointed.  \'93Well, i was just hoping it would be something a little more interesting, or special.  Like one!  Man, that\'92s awesome.\'94\
	Paul laughed.  \'93What?  It\'92s not like they mean anything.  At least it\'92s not in scientific notation, like Fiore\'92s.\'94  This made her laugh again.\
	Fiore had not been spotted yet, but both Paul and Rebekkah\'92s ears perked when his name was called:  \'93FIORE CHATHIS: 9 X 10^43.\'94\
	\'93Wow.\'94  They had said in unison.  From what Paul had heard, that was the most difficult and largest number yet.  90,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.  Even Peter, who was not competent enough to do the math, was impressed.  \'93That\'92s got to be in the millions!\'94  he had pointed out to Rebekkah.  \'93Yeah!\'94 she had cheered politely.\
	It was early evening before Robert was finished.  He wouldn\'92t let anyone leave until all the names had been called, wanting to give some final parting words to the crowd.  \'93EVERYONE!\'94 he had said anthemically, the enitre city watching him in awe.  \'93DON\'92T FORGET YOUR NUMBERS.  I SUGGEST WRITING THEM DOWN IN MULTIPLE PLACES, IN CASE YOU FORGET, OR YOUR ONLY COPY IS DESTROYED IN A FIRE.  PERHAPS FIND A REMINDER BUDDY.  I WILL BE BACK WHEN I GET EVERYTHING SORTED OUT, AND WE WILL TALK ABOUT WHAT COMES NEXT.  PLEASE TAKE CARE UNTIL THEN.  I MEAN IT.  DON\'92T FORGET YOUR NUMBERS.\'94  With this Robert\'92s throne levitated off the north side of the mall and rose steadily into the clouds, until he was too small to see.  \
	Since Robert had insisted in dismissing everyone all at once, traffic was a nightmare.  Everywhere was honking and people running in between cars trying to find here or there.  \
	Peter offered Rebekkah a ride, since she was unable to find her mom in the crowd, and was liable to be trampled since she was rather small in comparison to many of the other townsfolk.  As they cut their way through the crowd Peter continually shot glances at Paul that told him to take better care of Rebekkah, who was being thrashed about in the rambunkous crowd.  Paul switched places with her so that she was no longer on the end, and though this worked he could tell that Peter had much more romantic ideas planted in his head.  Perhaps an arm around her shoulder, or a thuggish look or fist shaking at the man who had quite literally pushed her out of his way.  Peter did not understand, he had only known Rebekkah a short time and though this situation certainly warranted dramatic action, those sort of cavalier shenanigans, from him especially, would come off weak and feigned.  Peter had an unshakable resolve about him, something Paul had always admired.  He had once seen him punch a guy in the mouth for grabbing his friends butt - these type of actions came naturally to him and required no pause or contemplation.  For Peter, it must be painful to watch his younger brother struggle to act upon these basic instincts, like watching a goldfish drown.\
	In fact it did bother Peter.  Peter knows a great deal about girls, enough to stay away from them.  Now do not misunderstand his reasoning - his view of girls is not that they are inferior - quite the opposite, he worships them.  But he discovered early on that his worship did not resemble that of his friends, who built shrines to bare breasts in boxes in their closets, dictionaries of lewd acts and explitives on shelves in their minds.  Peter had seen the pictures, had turned them at different angles, trying to hear their siren song.  He heard nothing.  And though he laughed along and tried to act aroused, he felt a disconnect in his heart that told him there was much, much more to girls than this.  \
	He had been right.  For soon passed the rapturous (no relation to the rapture that his town was currently experiencing) early adolenscent phase, and at last he had calmed down enough to find it possible to talk to a girl.  Of boys at that age, talking to a girl was a more or less considered to be the annoying part that came before having sex with them, so needless to say Peter had a rough time getting started.  Peter felt like a vulture, circling lunch tables, looking for a girl willing to converse.  But it was not long before his naive nature was percieved, and that soft look of honest inquisition in his eyes caught each fourteen year old girl, one by one, and set their hearts aflutter.  Peter loved the attention.  He would sit on the steps of the school for hours and talk to them, sometimes in groups, sometimes alone.  He listened to their stories, 
\i he really listened
\i0  they would say, and Peter became the goto man for \'93I don\'92t understand guys\'94 and \'93My boyfriend is such an idiot\'94 and soon many other things that really had nothing to do with boys, they just liked to talk to him.  They would rest their head on his shoulder.  \'93I wish they were all like you.\'94  \
	But no good deed goes unpunished, correct?  Soon, it was announced that Peter was gay, much to his surprise.  Who spends that much time with all girls (his male friends had all but abandoned him at this point) and doesn\'92t sleep with a single one of them?  Had he even touched a boob?  They thought not.  Peter was gayer than a doily with a kitten and a big rainbow embroidered on it sitting on Freddie Mercury\'92s coffee table under a cup of camomile tea.  \
	This was simply not the case.  He had had many girlfriends.  He took Amy to Homecoming twice (though he had dance with almost every girl in his grade), had seen Sarah for over a month, holding her hand as they walked places, feeling a mutual electricity tingling through their arms as they brushed.  He had kissed many girls, and he remembered each one - he did not kiss without reason or purpose, but only when the time was right and when he knew that it would more than likely not produce heart-breaking results.  Peter was gentle, thoughtful, considerate.  This was not the same as being gay.  \
	But still Peter felt the need to prove it.  He wasn\'92t gay, he wasn\'92t.  Do gay men play football?  Workout 2 hours everyday after school?  Listen to death metal all the time, everywhere, to build that energy and drive?  \
	Actually, there are probably lots of gay men that do these things.  But by now you should see that that is not the point.  \
	It was relatively quiet in side the car, considering all that had happened.  Paul 
\i really
\i0  smelt like pancakes inside Peter\'92s modest car, and he felt embarrassed that Rebekkah should experience him in such a way.  He became quiet again.\
	The silence was not allowed much time to sink in though.  Paul and Rebekkah thought they saw - is that  . . . that is!  It\'92s Fiore, running frantically in the same direction as them.  Peter was asked to pull over to see if Fiore need a ride, or help or something.  Rebekkah rolled down her window.  \'93Hey Fiore!\'94\
	\'939E43!\'94\
	\'93What?!\'94\
	Fiore was panting, holding his head as if trying to keep something from falling out.\
	\'93Oh, do you want us to write it down?  We have paper and pen!\'94\
	Fiore nodded happily at this suggestion.  \
	\'939E43.  Or 9 x 10^43, whatever is easier, i will get it.  Thank you so much!  I was getting worried there.\'94  His breathing had almost returned to normal.  \'93You see, i could not find anything to write with, and then he wouldn\'92t let us go . . . it was a frightening experience.  I wanted to get home as soon as possible to scribble it in multiple locations.  I believe it was implied that our immortal souls depend upon it.\'94\
	\'93If that\'92s the case, you really drew the short stick.\'94 interjected Peter.  \'93Your number is insane.\'94  Neither Paul nor Rebekkah felt inclined to draw any comparisons.  They were, as were Fiore and Peter, mulling over the meaning of their respective numbers, and many of the other things recently brought to light that made absolutely no sense.  Robert had made everyone a hearty stew of emotions, ideas, and numbers, and it was too hot yet to even sip. \'93Would you like a ride?\'94\
	Fiore was dissapointed that there were no pancakes in the car, but was more than thankful for the ride.  \'93Goodbye Paul!  Goodbye Peter!  Goodbye Rebekkah!  I hope to see you all again soon!\'94\
	Rebekkah was glad as well.  \'93Paul!\'94  she said getting out, pointing up like she had just thought of something.  \'93Can I have your number?  If you don\'92t mind me having it.  Just to let you know about things going on with the garden.  You\'92ll keep comming to help us water and whatnot over summer, right?\'94\
	Paul\'92s heart had been thumping since the first sentance.  \'93Yes, yeah, absolutely.\'94  \
	Peter nodded his head steadily.  Rebkkah had to ask, but it was happening.  It was a good first start.  \
	That night, both Rebekkah and Paul had lots of things to write about in their diary/notebook.  Paul\'92s went something like this:\
	\'93
\i This morining a giant man on a throne landed on the mall.  He made everyone gather and gave everyone a number.  Mine was 1.  Peter\'92s was 11.  Rebekkah\'92s was 541.  Fiore\'92s was 9 X 10^43.  That\'92s all i remember.  Oh, he said the rapture was upon us.  So far i am unconvinced.\'94  
\i0 Paul reflected some more, trying to recall every detail.  
\i \'93He said he would be back when he got things sorted out.  I don\'92t have a clue what that means.  I don\'92t know what our number mean either.  They were varied and nondescript.  It took all day.  I didn\'92t have time to do anything else.  Also, i smelt like pancakes all day in front of Rebekkah.  Peter makes me feel wierd around here.  I\'92m sure she\'92s noticed.  It doesn\'92t matter anyway.  I don\'92t think she will be calling me even though she has my number.  I will not call her either.  She will forget about me over summer.  It will all be over soon.\'94
\i0   Paul felt nervous and tense even writing about it.  It was overwhelming to every sense, more than he could think about.  Though, really, he was already at a disadvantage with all that had happened.  He was fried.  Things would make more sense tomorrow.  \
	Once again, i can only tell you parts of what Rebekkah has written.  It starts with 
\i \'93541\'94
\i0 .  Several rhetorical questions are asked.  And once again, it ends with 
\i \'93I do not feel like a princess.\'94
\i0   She cries.   She still has lots to think about.  Her and Paul fall asleep about the same time.\
	Peter stays up later, contemplating the number 11.  Unlike Paul, he was sure that thinking about it might reveal it\'92s meaning.  It didn\'92t.  Peter fell asleep with a pen in his hand, a sheet of paper with rudimentary math on it, along with lists of transgressions and attonements.  One list was much longer than the other.  In fact, the short list only contained one item.  It was circled.  Peter had tear stains on his eyes.  It is often hard to understand Peter.\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 7\
\
	It was time for pancakes again.  Though they had been made yesterday, their existance had remained only theoretical, as Robert had come and ruined most of it.  The smell on his clothes had made Paul want them even more - it was like wearing a pancake, all day, that you couldn\'92t eat.  He woke up in a pancake-craving frenzy.  \
	Peter wandered out of his room late in the morning, while Paul was halfway through his second batch.\
	\'93Did you make some for me?\'94\
	\'93No, but i\'92m getting ready to make some more.  How many you want?\'94\
	\'93Three or four.  Hey, yesterday . . . that was nuts.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, i know.\'94\
	\'93Did they say anything about it on the news?\'94 \
	This was the first time it had crossed Paul\'92 mind to check.  \'93 . . . Let\'92s see.\'94\
	As anyone might have guessed, it was all over the news.  Apparently major networks had been running step-by-step analysis since the previous night.  Mark Koebrick was on location, in front of the sonic.  \'93Like I said Kim, not a lot of activity here since yesterday.  We still have many religious groups holding vigil, and a few curious onlookers, just waiting to see if \'91Robert\'92 is coming back.  Here\'92s what we do know -\'94  A super-imposed map of the US appeared over Mark, with at least a thousand throne-shapped dots scattered about it.  \'93Every major city in the US received a visit from a large man seated in a throne, and each person was assigned an \'91assessment number\'92.  Once again it has 
\i not
\i0  been made clear what these number mean.  We\'92re weighing in with folks on the street to see what they think of them.\'94  An obviously prerecorded segment began to play.  A dubbed voice began narrating.  \'93Numbers, numbers, numbers.  We\'92ve all been given one.  So . . . what do you think it means?\'94  An old couple with a microphone being pointed at them appeared on screen, the names 
\i Earl & Margaret Higgins 
\i0 written beneath it.  \'93I think it\'92s pretty obvious.\'94 he explained, Margaret beside him, looking lazily off into the distance.  \'93Mr. Robert, as he\'92d like us to call him, was an angel of Our Lord, much like he said.  He came to weigh our sins, givin us number based off that.  It looks like the higher your number is, the better, more holy life you\'92d lead.  Father Michaels got a, what was it, something in the thousands!\'94 him and his wife chuckled.  \'93Figured that, he\'92s a good man.  Me an Margaret both got a 728, which we thought sounded pretty good, what with all the fractions given out.\'94  \
	\'93Though not surprising in this town.\'94 Margaret chimed in, following her statement by spitting on the ground and glaring at some young boys dancing and waving at the camera behind them.  \
	The narration began again.  \'93The Higgins suspicion of a \'91divine rating system\'92 is a common one, but how it\'92s looked at seems an entirely different matter.\'94\
	Next came a shot of a large black man, 
\i Henry Carlson
\i0 ,
\i  
\i0 wearing a shirt with \'93-78.3\'94 written on it.  \'93The Lord\'92s game is one of weight!\'94 he was yelling.  \'93 It is said in Revelation that those whose souls are found to be heavy with sin are sealed in the pits of HELL!  The larger your number is, the more SININ you been DOIN.  That\'92s where we, the saved, come in.  If you will notice, i have room to spare in my number here.  What i need to do is go find me someone with a number a 78.2 or smaller, and help them release their weight.  This is how God has planned it, and it is through eachother we are saved.\'94\
	\'93Still others insist, the numbers don\'92t mean anything.\'94  \
	A group of teenage girls, 
\i Laura, Ashley, Sarah, & Sara
\i0 , we\'92re giggling as they sipped Frappachinos.  \
	\'93I don\'92t know, it doesn\'92t look like anything\'92s changed.  I forgot my number already.  It was pretty small.  Sarah\'92s was, Sarah what was\'94 \'9358!\'94 \'93Sarah\'92s was 58, Ashley\'92s\'94 \'93348.9!\'94 \'93And Laura was . . . where did Laura go?\'94 \'93-10 29/34.\'94 \'93Wow, that\'92s red-iculous.\'94\
	\'93Still, despite what they mean, people seem proud to show them off.\'94  The camera panned several people who had written the number on various body parts, t-shirts, hats, etc.  Many of them seemed to have grouped numerically, some standing in order, inspecting the results.  The camera went back to the newscaster.  \'93So as of right now we\'92re not sure what to make of it, but we have been informed that the government has been involved since the incidents occured, and is employing the work of the nation\'92s top mathmaticians to look for patterns and clues to what it is exactly that we are dealing with.  We\'92ll let you know as soon as we know anything.\'94\
	\'93Ok thanks Mark!\'94 said the news anchor, 
\i Erica Woodland
\i0 .  \'93Real interesting stuff, huh?  A memorial service will be held this weekend honoring those that perished in the mall collapse yesterday.  A spokesman from the Lakeline Mall  has released a statement saying that it is deeply sorry for the loss of life that was incurred, but that the mall was simply not built to hold the weight of a giant throne and caped man.  The impedning lawsuits are expected to be dismissed as an \'91act of god\'92.  The mall plans to begin rebuilding next month once the debris has been cleared.\'94\
	\'93Wow.\'94 said Peter.  \'93I guess they\'92re really on top of this.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, i guess that\'92s good.  Whatta you think?  Mr. 11?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, Mr. #1!  Looks like you\'92re pretty balanced with your sinning.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, maybe Henry would be interested in taking that extra point.\'94\
	\'93Haha yeah!  I wonder how he plans on doing that.  I bet he\'92d hug the sin out of ya.  \'91C\'92mere child!  Into the arm of tha LORD!\'92\'94\
	\'93Haha ewww.  I don\'92t want to think about it.  Your pancakes are done.\'94\
	If you had not noticed, Paul and Peter do not live with their parents.  This is a rather recent development, only since Peter turned 18.  It is for the best, they were not very good parents anyway.  They still sent money, signed report cards and permission slips so long as they were mailed three days in advance - they just wanted to be left alone.  Somehow this hurt them more than being poor with parents that loved them.  \
	The idea had sounded great at the time - there had been much tension in the house.  Peter had insisted that he could do a better job running the house than his goddamn arrogant father, always talking into his damn earpiece and only speaking to his children as a means to illustrate how successful he was in comparison to them - how they were just mooching off of him.  Of course we\'92re mooching off of you, we\'92re your children.  You are raising us.  That is how it works.  Peter found the situation could be explained quite simply.  \
	Their mother was worse - money remained the sole catalyst for action in her life.  Marriage, children, housework - they were what cashed the checks.  She followed the money when it left, downtown, closer to his work, away from all these fucking losers in suburbia.  He didn\'92t care how good the schools were, they didn\'92t seem to be doing a lick of good.  One of his sons was gay and stupid, the other wouldn\'92t even come out of his room.  And if that\'92s all the thanks he gets then yes, Peter, you can run the house.  Hell, you can have the house.  We\'92ve got the money, and god know you never will.  The door slammed and they were never seen again.  Peter had knocked on Paul\'92s door:  \'93Mom and dad just left.  They gave us the house.  I think they\'92re serious.\'94  After that, Paul started coming out of his room again.  Soon he was very good at making pancakes.  His parents had never made them pancakes.  Paul was set on fixing that.  \
	They had not even called yesterday, or today, to see if their children had been crushed to death while drinking an Orange Julius.  Both Paul and Peter secretly hoped that they had been given very large negative numbers, even though they knew they didn\'92t know what the numbers meant.  \
	\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 8\
\
	Fiore was going to go check on his carrots.  He just wanted to make sure the seeds were still in place and that the soil felt alright.  \
	Fiore is a strange-looking boy, whose arms and legs flow like silk when he walks, or more like a distracted octopus.  You\'92re always worried by that distant look in his eye, the floating limbs, afraid he\'92ll knock something over or hit someone.  He never does.  \
	He lives within walking distance of his school, which is good because his parents do not own a car.  This makes their errand running difficult, but seeing as his father works from home and him mother tends to the children all day, they save a bundle on gas.  Fiore is not rich, but he is not poor.  He and his family are generally very comfortable.  They have never been the type to be attracted to extravagance anyway.  \
	He was halfway there when he was stopped.  A small number of boys, probably a little older than him, stood before him.  One boy (their leader?) held his arm parallel to the ground, his palm parallel to Fiore\'92s face.\
	\'93Eh eh eh!\'94 the boy said.  \'93Where\'92ya going?\'94\
	\'93To see how my carrots are doing!\'94\
	The boys laughed.  \'93We\'92ll need to know your number before that happens.\'94\
	Fiore was momentarily confused.  Suddenly he understood.  \
	\'939 x 10^43!  What\'92s yours?\'94  \
	Now the boys looked confused.\
	\'93No . . . what\'92s that equal too?\'94\
	\'93I believe it is 9 followed by 43 zeros.\'94\
	The boys looked at eachother, shaking thier heads.  \'93No way, that\'92s way to big.  Better go a different way.\'94\
	Fiore, if you have noticed, does not pick up on things very quickly.  It is more understandable in this situation, where \'91numbers\'92 were still a relatively new topic.  Fiore had not seen the news reports.  His expression begged the boys explain.\
	The boys Fiore was facing were Marcos, Paul (no relation), Jon, and Jorge.  They were not bad boys.  At worst i think they could be described as territorial.\
  	\'93Listen man,\'94 Marcos began.  \'93See this neighborhood?  Every single one of us here, every family, all of us got numbers under 20.  You see what that means?\'94\
	Fiore did not.  He had walked past this neighboorhood almost everyday, but being primarily a resident of his own imagination, he had failed to notice the sublte differences it held.  \
	\'93Of course not.  Cause to you, this here is shit.  Isn\'92t that right?  That\'92s what you think?\'94\
	Fiore shook his head.  \'93Too be quite honest, this is the first time I have considered your location in any compacity.\'94\
	\'93EXACLTY.  Never even considered us.  You hear that?\'94  Jon, Paul, and Jorge nodded.  \'93That\'92s exactly what we\'92re sayin.  We struggle too.  You think we don\'92t got problems?  That you can just wander in and out of here like it\'92s a zoo?  Even a zoo\'92s got a charge.\'94  More nodding.  Marcos had never made more sense.  His friends felt that this situation had finally given Marcos the fuel he needed to rise up as a leader.  He would be his generation\'92s guide.  \'93And that\'92s all I\'92m askin of you.\'94\
	Fiore smiled.  He admired the boy\'92s tactfullness.  He sensed a deeper meaning in Marcos\'92 words than he was recieving.  \
	\'93What these numbers proved is that we\'92re family.  1 - 20, all whole numbers an shit.  What\'92d you call em Jon?\'94 \
	\'93Integers.\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  Fuckin\'92 integers.  That\'92s what we are.  We in this together, and we\'92re sick of y\'92all stompin through here, laughin at us cause of where we are.  That ain\'92t right.  And what Robert did, he seperated us so we can have peace finally.  So go find your fucking, whatever the hell number a zeros you got, and stay the hell out of here.\'94\
	\'93But my carrots are this way . . .\'94\
	\'93Listen man we don\'92t care where the fuck your carrots at!  Get the fuck out of here!\'94\
	Fiore ducked away in fear, running in the opposite direction, as these last words had been said not only in anger, but in a way that made Fiore feel as if he owed the boys an apology.  He was not sure what was going on.\
\
	Peter and Paul had turned the TV back on, wathcing tenatively as they ate pancakes on the couch.  The day was just beginning, but already things were happening.  Strange things.  It did not take long, they found, for the state of things to change entirely.\
	\'93More riots ensue at the Vatican,\'94 the news anchor was saying, a look of honest worry in her eye.  \'93as Catholics react to the number assigned Pope Craig Stevens I.  The number, 38, is the same assigned to George Haskins, convicted serial rapist, currently being held in Iowa State Penitentiary.  Church officials are unsure how to react to this development, which is hot on the heels of alligations of immoral conduct brought to the media\'92s attention last week.\'94\
	Paul and Peter had been glued to the television all morning.  They had watched many media-worthy events like this, right here on the couch.  Their father, back when he had lived with them, had never heistated to pull the boys out of school if something big were to happen.  On the day the twin towers were destroyed, Paul had recieved a notification durring gym class that his father was waiting outside.  You need to be watching this as things develop, not playing baddmitton, he had said.  I am going to miss World Histroy, Paul had retorted.  His father did not care.  His priorites never made sense.  Paul thought he was just angry at him for taking raqquet sports instead of team sports.  \
	But anyway, this event was not like this.  On that day, the same clip of planes slamming into buildings had been played non-stop for the entire day.  The tradgedy had ended, the broadcast continued.  Today, however, each time there camera cut away, there was some new catacylsm being filmed, some new place on fire.  Churches, schools, office buildings.  People in the streets, holding up numbers written on posterboard, like a bizzare algebraic protest.  It was the numbers, the numbers - they didn\'92t match, or they did, or one was too high or too low.  Someone didn\'92t fit.\
	Authenticity became an issue.  In almost every region someone was trying to avoid a tight situation by claiming that the number had been heard wrong, that their number was actually this or that.  But in every region, there was someone, without fail, who had tapped the whole thing.  Whether it was on a cell phone camera, video cassette, or Super 8, every name could be accounted for.  Soon, liars were exposed.  This was almost more condeming than having an unfortunate number.  Why did you lie about it?  It gave the number more weight.\
	\'93Maybe George Haskins was innocent.\'94  Peter said.  \
	\'93I\'92m going to make more pancakes.  Do you want some?\'94\
	Neither Peter or Paul felt like leaving the house today.  \
\
	Rebekkah woke up later than anyone.  Her sleep had been deep, and plagued with nightmares containing arithmetic.  They were the type of nightmares where you wake up panicked, and stay panicked, even once the dreamscape had faded.  They clung to her like a turtleneck sweater.  \
	\'93Rebekkah honey, how did you sleep?\'94  Rebbekka\'92s mom (Martha) was cooking eggs, sort of.  The pan was cold with grease but now that Rebekkah was up she had turned the stove on again.  \
	\'93You want some eggs?\'94\
	\'93Eggs?  You never make eggs?  What\'92s the occasion?\'94  Rebekkah had assumed it was a jolly one.  It was not.  This made her mom feel silly for making eggs.\
	\'93 . . . Nothing, just want you to have a good breakfast.\'94\
	Rebekkah\'92s dad was on the couch, taking up 1.5 cushions.  The day\'92s paper was laying flat across his large stomach, halfway read.  Headline - NUMBERS?  In his hand pearched the remote, but it was not being used.  His eye watched the TV screen carefully.\
	\'93Is something wrong?\'94  Rebekkah sensed a tension in the room.  \
	\'93Rebekkah,\'94 her mother said slowly, which is notable because she never addressed Rebekkah by her name, just straight like that, \'93a lot of strange things are happening today because of what happened yesterday.  a lot of people are upset about the whole \'91numbers\'92 thing.  I think it would be best if you stayed in today.  Lindsey\'92s mom already called and said she wasn\'92t going to let Lindsey have the party today anyway.\'94\
	\'93Luckily you\'92re on summer vacation,\'94 her dad chimed in, \'93so you won\'92t have to miss school.\'94\
	\'93This is worth missing school over?  What\'92s happening?\'94\
	Soon Rebekkah was up to speed.  Her, Paul, and Peter were all watching the same channel.  She sat beside her dad on the couch, in a pile of newspapers.  It felt sort of like Thanksgiving day when the parades were on, only no turkey.  Among other differences.  \
	\'93Rebekkah honey, you want to call your friends make sure they\'92re all ok?\'94\
	\'93Oh, that\'92s a good idea.\'94\
	Rebekkah did not expect any of her friends to be injured, as her circle was known for being fairly tame, with very reasonable, strong-minded parents.  Probably none of them were out wandering the streets.  The first person Rebekkah called was Paul.  \
	\'93Hello?\'94  The voice on the other end sounded caught off guard.  Rebekkah could hear hushed yelling in the background.\
	\'93Paul?  This is Rebekkah.  Are you ok?\'94\
	\'93Uh, yeah, are you?\'94  Paul was honored.\
	\'93Ok good, i just wanted to make sure.  What with all the, the 
\i craziness
\i0  and what not.  Yeah no i\'92m good too.  How about Peter?  You guys together?\'94\
	\'93Umm, yeah.  We\'92re both just watching the news.\'94\
	\'93Eating pancakes!\'94 yelled a voice in the background.  \'93Hi Rebekkah!\'94\
	\'93That\'92s Peter.  He says hi.\'94\
	\'93Oh, 
\i HI Peter!
\i0 \'94\
	\'93She says hi.  . . .\'94  \
	The potential for continued conversation had been left to Paul.  He struggled to volley.  \'93So, what are you up to today?  Staying in I suppose?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, that\'92s what my parents want.  Safer.  At least until things calm down.  This is CRAZY, am i right?  What do people just start setting things on fire for?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, i never understand what\'92s going on in people\'92s heads.  I think i\'92ll be staying in too.  I\'92d hate to be walking around out there right now. \'94\
	Fiore was out there, right now, walking around, as they spoke.  Running around was more accurate.  He had started running after his confrontation with Marcos, Paul, Jon, and Jorge, and had not stopped in the roughly 20 minutes Paul and Rebekkah had been talking on the phone.  He circled the neighboorhood of which he had been forbade of entering.  The exterior was lined with similar faces, apparently ready to deal, quite physically, with anyone valued at more than 20.  Still, Fiore was bent on seeing his carrots.  The meaning of the errand was all but lost now, but like a frightened rabbit he hopped in the clearest direction available, even if he was obviously running into Mr. McGregor\'92s trap.  \
	Luckily, about all these two stories have in common is a garden.  Fiore was not a rabbit and there was not a bitter gardener bent on destroying him.  The threat Fiore faced, it seemed, was a threat much more akin to the animal kingdom - survival.  The creature\'92s homes had been disturbed, and much like a pocket of spiders, lizards, bats and toads, they now wandered out in to the daylight, sun blinding their nocturnal eyes, ready to bite anything that came close enough to be sensed.  \
	The carrots were fine, he knew they would be.  He put a hand to the soil, he felt the resonance.  \'91Hooray, hooray!\'92 they were cheering in tiny voices, muffled by the blankets of dirt, \'91Thank you for giving us life!  The air smells delicious, I can\'92t wait to dance about in it!\'92  Fiore closed his eyes, smiling and humming along to the imagery.  Small little seed in the deep rich soil.  No fighting yet.  He imagined that the seeds had no idea they had been planted with others - for all they knew, they were the only seed in the world . . . and what did they know of the world, but a dark gritty casing?  The discoveries ahead for each seed were endless.  And like a jabber-mouth who has just seen a great movie, Fiore wanted to give the ending away.  \'91You will see!  There will be light, and the sun!  You will grow green and tall, deep and wide, you will nourish - \'92 Well, best not to say that part.  Or any part.  Joy was in the discovery, not the knowing.  He felt every living thing was granted this right.  \
	Rebekkah and Paul were still talking on the phone.  \
	\'93Really?  Twenty minutes?\'94\
	\'93It was awful.  You have not idea.  I was hobbling like i had a broken leg.  Everyone was sitting in the grass beside the track, just watching me.  THEN, i started crying -\'94\
	\'93Awwww, this is sad . . .\'94\
	\'93Haha no no i\'92m not done yet!\'94 \
	They were discussing embarrassing moments.  Paul was telling his story of running the mile in 6th grade. \'93 It turns out it was taking so long for me to finish that the coach didn\'92t realize the bell had rung.  The girls class came out, and saw me just running in circles, crying, my whole class laughing at me.\'94\
	\'93Oh god you win! This is awful.  Your embarrassing stories are just disturbing.\'94\
	\'93But i bet you feel better about tripping at Homecoming, am I right?\'94\
	 \'93No, that was still really bad.  You don\'92t understand what it\'92s like to be a girl.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m glad, it seems like if i did life would come to a grinding to a halt everytime i made a mistake.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, that\'92s not too far off.\'94\
	Rebekkah and Paul both felt an awkward tension on the line.  If their phones were old enough to have cords, and the cords were wrapped around them some way, they would slowly be constricting, pulling, the two, slowly over thousands of feet of cable, closer and closer together.\
	Meanwhile, Fiore\'92s face was being slammed against the pavement of  the four-square ring.  Marcos sat on Fiore\'92s back like he was riding a pathetic rocket ship into the ground, palm to the back of his head.\
	\'93What the fuck man, what did i say?  This is OUR FUCKING NEIGHBORHOOD.\'94\
	\'93But this is my school too!\'94  Fiore was still trying to explain something no one was trying to understand.\
	\'93Not during the summer it ain\'92t.  Didja come here just to mess with us?  Show us you could get in without us seein?\'94  Marcos was marginally upset now.  It seemed Fiore had gone out of his way to insult them with his presence.  He was drawing blood from Fiore\'92s face, smeared thinly onto the pavement.  \'93Look, what Robert said is FACT.  This is where we belong, and where you don\'92t.  He gave us our place like we\'92ve been prayin for.  ALL\'94\
	SLAM\
	\'93WE WANT\'94\
	SLAM\
	\'93IS OUR PEACE!\'94\
	Fiore was sobbing.  \'93I\'92m sorry i\'92m soo sorry i don\'92 know what I\'94 blood was gushing from his nose.  \'93I didn\'92t mean to - \'94\
	A voice rose from a nearby minivan.  \'93What the HELL are you boys doing?\'94\
	Marcos, Paul, Jorge, and Jon were tough guys, but they were still moderately freaked out by adults.  She woman was waving her cell phone in the air.\
	\'93I am CALLING the POLIIIICE!!!\'94\
	The four friends scattered, into a predetermined escape route.  The woman was Rebekkah\'92s mom.  Rebekkah was scrunched down in the passenger seat.\
	\'93Moooom stop what if i know them?\'94\
	\'93It looks like they wre beating up some kid!  I\'92m not going to . . . Oh god.  Rebekkah honey call an ambulance.\'94  Rebekkah\'92s mom tossed her cellphone in Rebekkah\'92s direction and leaped from her seat.  Through the open door Rebekkah recognized whose face it was that was half on his body, half on the concrete.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 9\
\
	\'93She\'92s really coming?\'94  Peter could not believe the stunt his little brother had just pulled.    Paul was standing nervously in front of the mirror, arranging, and then rearranging, the same part of his hair.  \
	\'93Go clean the batter off the stove!  I mean it, this has to go well.  She can\'92t think we live like pigs.  Or at least me.  Aren\'92t you gonna change or something?\'94\
	\'93Into what, a suit?\'94\
	\'93Fuck you.  Where\'92s the vacuum?\'94  They had never used it.  It showed.  \
	Peter was shuffling through the closet, following a long hose with a brush attachment into a deep pile of crap.  \'93When did she say she\'92d get here?\'94\
	\'93She said she was leaving right away.  I could hear her putting her shoes on.  We\'92ve probably got 5 minutes, tops.\'94\
	\'93You\'92re gonna vacuum in five minutes?\'94  \
	Paul stopped.  His brother had a point.  Tasks must be chosen wisely now.\
	\'93Ok, this is what we\'92re going to do.  We just act natural.  Maybe it\'92s not that bad.  No wait!  We say we were just getting ready to clean.  That way we acknoweldge the issue.  I think that\'92s best.\'94\
	The issue was unignorable, so it was good that they were not going to play that card.  I would go into more detail, but i think it suffices to say that a fifteen and an eighteen year old boy had been left together unsupervised in a house for almost four months now.  \
	Paul had not sure how it had happened.  After becoming relaxed on the phone, he had found himself possessed of a sauve and debonair persona that, if left unattended, did most of the work for him.  You\'92re lonely?  Hey, you live close.  Want to join Peter and me?  We\'92re just watching the news, making pancakes.  It would be fun.  Really?  Ok cool.  See you in a few.\
	\'93I AM FREAKING OUT!\'94  Paul was scrapping the counters with a squeegee, turning up crusts of pizza, grime, empty fast food cups, and draining it off into an open trash bag.\
	\'93Cut it out!  My hat is somewhere in there.  Look, relax.  We got time.  Decide what\'92s important, clean that first.  I say, start with the couch.  That\'92s where she\'92ll be sitting right?  Then bathroom, ktichen, etc, etc . . .\'94\
	Peter was making a lot of sense.  \
	\'93 . . .  Ok.\'94  Peter agreed.  \'93I\'92ll take the couch.  You take the bathroom.  Five minutes.  Seriously.\'94\
	Peter nodded.  He was proud.  Like a general or an animal rights activist, Paul had found a cause, and was fighting for it.  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\qc
\cf0 * * * * *\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Sirens were painting the front of Rebekkah\'92s minivan like an urgent and frightening abstract painting, as she and her mom followed the ambulance to the hospital.  \
	\'93So this boy is in your grade?  Do you know anything about him?  Was he involved in a gang?\'94\
	Rebekkah was a bit shaken, but this made her smile.  \'93No, definitely not.  I can\'92t imagine anyone wanting to hurt him.  I\'92m sure he was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.\'94\
	\'93I bet it has something to do with those damn numbers.  Sorry honey.  Didn\'92t mean to swear.\'94\
	Rebekkah\'92s mom, Martha, was stalwart in her dedication to perserving her daughter\'92s innocence.  The foremost threat came from boys, who, though Rebekkah did not notice, sipped her up like a cool drink of water.  Her father, Walt, was the primary defense in this war.  Though gentle and kindly, Walt had the impecable ability of appearing deadly as he sat on the couch - his eyes could cut stone, so a sixteen year old boy stood no chance.  He was a large, strung about man, dissarrayed you might say, but oh could he get his ducks in a row if he heard a boy would be stopping by.  Walt was a gentleman, and had remained one throughout the most un-gentlemenly years of a boys life, so he held no tollerance for \'91boys being boys\'92.  Not with his daughter.\
	But Walt held fast to the idea of other manly notions, which is why he was at home on his couch with a baseball bat while Martha was driving Rebekkah to Paul\'92s house (though more specifically, he had not dressed yet and she was in a hurry).  Martha had brought a bat too, much to Rebekkah\'92s dismay.  Now it looked more like a murder weapon lying in the back seat.  Needless to say, Martha felt like a failure as a mother, dragging a bloody body across the pavement in front of her.  \'93Fiore!\'94 she had screamed.  \
	\'93Did it look bad?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not a nurse, honey, I don\'92t know.  He was still breathing.  He was talking a little bit.\'94\
	Rebekkah\'92s dad had not taken the situation quite as well.  If that\'92s the type of neighborhood Paul lives in, you need to bring her home right now.  It\'92s not his neighborhood it\'92s the world, she had said.  Besides, Rebekkah had talked often of Paul.  You remember.  He seemed like a nice boy, if not a bit awkward.  The things he did that Rebekkah found \'91cute\'92 were not things like flexing or yelling obscenely durring a class.  It had been things like the funny stoires he told her, or the serious way he had planted raddishes, one by one, in a very straight row.  In the end this was of little consequence anyway.  She was not supposed to leave the house today, but you know how teenage girls are.  Walt almost handed her the keys himself, if Martha had not reminded him she was not old enough to drive.  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\qc
\cf0 	* * * * *\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	Paul was confused.  \
	\'93Are you sure she\'92s coming?  It\'92s been, like, an hour.\'94  Peter was standing at the sink, yellow latex gloves on his hands.   \'93You should call her.\'94\
	Paul had just put the finishing touches on the sitting room, stacking Time magazines in a spiraled pile.  He had thumbed through them roughly to make them look read.  \
	\'93No . . . she\'92s just running late.  This is good we have time to\'94\
	\'93To what?  Vacuum the ceiling?  Don\'92t be a pussy, call her.\'94\
	\'93Shut up and wash the dishes.\'94  Paul pulled his phone out of his pocket, sitting comfortably and upright on the couch.  He relaxed, detensed, and opened the index of normal conversation methods he kept stored in his mind.\
	
\i \'93Hey Rebekkah!  What\'92s up?  You commin?\'94
\i0 \
	This response was laden with laugher and seemed a bit rude.  And not at all like the calm, cool persona he was working just an hour ago.\
	
\i \'93Hey Bekkah,\'94
\i0 \
	Whoa!  Let me stop you right there, self, he thought.  We were not to Bekkah.  He barely felt comfortable uttering her full name.  How about -\
	\'93DOUCHE BAG!  Call her!  I\'92m done cleaning if she\'92s not coming!\'94\
	\'93Alright!\'94  Jerk.  Paul pressed send, stretched his neck, and sunk nervously into the couch.  Ring.  Ring.  Ring.  Ring.   Was she on her way?  So close it wasn\'92t worth pick up the phone?  BEEP.\
	\'93Oh uh . . . Hey Rebekkah!  Uh, just 
\i seeing 
\i0 where you 
\i areeee
\i0 .  Call me back when you get this message.  And, i\'92ll call you back.  Or answer if I\'92m here.  Whatever works.  Ok bye.\'94\
	Wow.  Even the one that started with Bekkah was better than that.  \
	\'93What\'92d she say?\'94\
	\'93Didn\'92t answer.\'94\
	\'93Hmm.  Think she\'92s alright?\'94\
	\'93Why wouldn\'92t she be alright?\'94\
	Peter pointed to the TV.  \'9111 DEAD IN LOCAL NUMBER FIGHT\'92 Ran beneath the newscaster\'92s face.  \
	\'93Don\'92t say shit like that.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m just sayin.  That\'92s why we\'92re not out there.\'94\
	Paul felt like he had lost his wallet.  \
	\'93You wanna go look for her if we don\'92t hear from here soon?\'94  Peter was not going to make fun of Paul for this.\
	\'93Yeah.  We can wait a little while though.\'94\
	Peter grabbed his keys.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\qc
\cf0 * * * * *\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'93Oooooh my skin hurts!  Oooh it burns, in the corner of my mouth!\'94\
	\'93Stop talking Fiore!  The doctors said if you don\'92t they\'92ll have to rebandage your face.\'94\
	Fiore looked much like a mummy from the neck up.  The damage had looked bad, but under medical inspection proved of only minor consequence.  Still, Fiore had needed a few stitches and lots antibiotic ointment.  \
	\'93Ow! Oh.  My chin.  I\'92m sorry.  I\'92ll stop talking, but really, it hurts so bad.\'94\
	Martha was holding Fiore\'92s hand, which he was using to the best of his ability, as if it were a stressball.  Fiore could not see through the layers of medical tape, but this did not stop him from searching frantically from place to place, like an over-dramatic muppet.  \
	\'93Fiore, hold still!  You\'92re going to make the healing harder.\'94\
	He sighed and tried to relax.  \
	A nurse entered.  \'93Fiore, your medical information is good but we can\'92t get in touch with your parents.\'94\
	\'93Yes, they do not like to be bothered.\'94  Fiored said, voice muffled through several inches of wrap.  \'93They will not likely answer if they don\'92t recognize the number.\'94\
	The nurse was confused by Fiore\'92s daunting lack of concern.  \'93Umm . . . ok, let me see what I can do.\'94\
	Martha patted Fiore\'92s hand.  \'93They\'92ll probably need your parents to sign off on something to get you out of the hospital.\'94\
	\'93Oooh, that is too bad.  My parents haven\'92t left the house in years.  I run most of their errands for them.  Even if i called them I doubt they would come here to pick me up.\'94  Martha and Rebekkah exchanged horrified glances.  Fiore, of course, could not see, but could sense the strange atmosphere.  \'93It\'92s ok.  My parents are very caring people, really.  They have just not had good luck getting along in social pursuits.  Honestly, it\'92s a miracle either of them married.  From what i have heard from my grandparents, it was a lost cause.  But I suppose even strange people can  find other strange people if they look hard enough, in their strange little ways.\'94\
	The thoughts marinated in everyone\'92s head.  Martha wanted to say something, but didn\'92t want to seem rude.  Instead, she gave Rebekkah this look that was like \'93What is wrong with these people?\'94\
	Rebekkah checked her phone.  \'93Oh my god!  I\'92ve got like three missed calls from Paul.  He must wonder what happened to us!\'94\
	\'93Ooooh yes give them a call.\'94\
	Fiore cocked his head like a confused puppy.  \'93Paul?  Are you talking about Paul?\'94\
	\'93Hello?  Paul!  God I\'92m so sorry.  You must think i\'92m crazy!  I hope you\'92re not upset or anything.\'94\
	\'93No, not at all.  We\'92re just hanging out.  Is everything ok?\'94  Actually, three seconds ago, Paul had been screaming \'93REBEKKAH!\'94 out the window, while Peter drove around holding a bat out the window.  Paul had likewise begged his brother not to bring it.  \
	\'93It\'92s just my mom was driving me, and we stopped because we saw some kids beating someone up, and it was Fiore!  He was hurt so we called an ambulance and they brought him to the hospital, and that\'92s where we are now.\'94\
	\'93Oh god.  Is he alright?\'94  Paul could clearly picture someone wanting to hurt Fiore, as he often found himself of that demeanor.  But the thought of him actually having to go the hospital made him feel sick.  \
	\'93Yeah he\'92s banged up pretty good.\'94 \'93PAUL!  Is that Paul?!\'94 \'93Yeah, it\'92s Paul.  Stop talking, your gonna hurt yourself.  I\'92m so sorry.  We\'92ll try and be there as soon as we can.\'94\
	\'93No no that\'92s cool!  I understand completely.  Why don\'92t we meet you there?\'94\
	\'93Are you sure?  The hospital is really far away.\'94\
	Rebekkah did not know that Paul and Peter were already in the parking lot.  
\i Around!
\i0  Paul was signaling to Peter, making a circling motion with his finger around the parking lot.\
	\'93Yeah no, we can make it, just give us a few.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 10\
\
	\'93Paul?  Is Paul in the room?\'94\
	\'93Yes, yes I\'92m here now.  What\'92s up Fiore?\'94\
	\'93PAUL.  I checked on the raddishes.  They look fine.\'94\
	Rebekkah shrugged in response to Paul\'92s confusion.  \
	Peter and Paul had circled the parking lot so many times it was making Peter sick and finally he just parked and said \'93We made 
\i great
\i0  time.\'94  They had introduced themselves to Martha, and to her, they looked pretty much like what she thought they would.  She had become good at picking out the looks of people her daughter talked about, and she was happy to see her record was untarnished.\
	Like most mothers, Martha had fears of her daughter bringing home boys with tattoos and pierceing and who played loud music in their parents garage.  But she had dated boys like this when she was in high school, and knew that they were not the real threat.  The real trick to spotting the bad ones, she found, was not as easy as what they were wearing or their taste in music.  The real bad ones passed under the radar, masquearading as normal boys, plotting to steal your girl\'92s virginity behind that sly smile.  Eyes and smile - that\'92s what gives it away.  Women who had seen their share of men could spot it, and men could always spot it too - but girls - they walked right into it like the mouth of a tiger with mistletoe hanging from its uvula.  Rebekkah was a smart girl, but she was naive.  Intelligence will get you so far, but there is no teacher like experience.  Martha shuddered to think.  \
	But Peter, now HE was alright.  She had seen that soft expression, that openness of the eyes.  Clear as day.  He would listen to Rebekkah (And god know there were few who possessed that skill).  She was actually a little upset to find that he was not the one she had spent more time with, though Paul was by no means bad.  A little rough around the edges, a little quiet, but like his brother he looked as though he couldn\'92t harm a fly.  Rebekkah rarely brought boys home, perhaps once or twice.  They had never lead to much.  Martha and Walt were secretly glad of this.  But if there would be boys, and surely there would, at least let them be boys like these.\
	Fiore was allowed to leave the hospital within the day.  Still, he was not allowed to remove the bandages.  \'93I can barely see!  Please walk slowly!\'94  Fiore clammered behind Paul Peter and Rebekkah.  It was almost as if he enjoyed the thought of being blind.  In reality, several layers had been removed, and Fiore could see pretty well out of the bandages.  Still, he hobbled from one end of the sidewalk to the other, a dance taking full advantage of his facelessness.  A few children crossed the street to avoid the walking ghost, wandering wildly, hand in front of him, groping at invisible shapes in the air.  \
	\'93You know what you need Fiore?\'94 Peter asked.  \'93One of those tribal masks they wear in Africa.  You look like you should be dancing around a fire or something.\'94  Rebekkah and Peter agreed, the costume shop should be their next stop.\
	Martha had signed for Fiore\'92s release, since his parents could not be reached.  Martha had taught pre-school for years, and she had given many children what their parents did not.  Luckily for Fiore, Martha had a pen and a big heart.  Martha also felt comfortable leaving Rebekkah with Peter.  They had had a long discussion about their decision to bring a baseball bat along for the ride, counter-argued by Rebekkah and Paul.  Martha saw that safety usurped embarrasment for Peter.  A good quality.  \
	So it was that Fiore, Rebekkah, Paul and Peter were all driving to the costume shop together, next stop the Williams, for pancakes and newswatching.\
	The stories of the day were true, as was evident of Fiore\'92s face, but overall the group could see that at least half the town was functioning as normal.  After all, people still gotta eat, and this town did love their shopping.  It seemed to Paul that yesterday\'92s events had produced three distinct groups - those who went out hunting for trouble, those who stayed home and watched those who were making trouble, and those who could not care either way.  This third type wandered the parking lots of strip malls nervously, but almost without inturruption.  \
	Still, the tension was enough to limit the shopping to only about an hour.  Almost this entire time had been spent in the costume shop, with Fiore swapping mask to mask, putting so much stock in the decision you\'92d of thought the mask was about to be permentally grafted onto his skin.  The others tried to offer him help in his choice, but they seemed unable to understand what it was Fiore saw reflected in his internal mirror.  \
	\'93NO!\'94 Fiore protested.  \'93Is that what you really think of me Peter?  A zombie?\'94\
	Peter was just messing with him.  \'93Hey, you turned down all the normal ones.  All we\'92ve got left is zombies, witches, monsters . . . you can either choose to be normal, or choose to be a monster.\'94\
	\'93THAT is not how it works at all.  You clearly know very little of masks.  I am not a liar.  Are you suggesting I compromise my ethics?\'94\
	\'93Where did you get that?  I\'92m just saying, we have two very distinct options available.\'94  Peter held an opera mask in one hand, a bleeding head in the other.\
	\'93Listen Peter, there is not such thing as a normal mask.  All masks are masks.  They are all equally unreal.  What we must find is a mask that is as realistically unrealistic as possible.  Understand?\'94\
	Paul was chatting with Rebekkah, finding it very hard to seem tepid and relaxed while standing in front a giant row of wigs and plastic weaponry.  He felt like the white crayon in a giant 96 pack.  It helped that as Rebekkah chattered, she was nonchalantly afixing wigs to her head and posing in front of the mirror.  Soon she was handing some to Paul, indicating he join in.  He stood next to her in a neon blue bob cut, while Rebekkah sported a rainbow mohawk.  She inspected them quite seriously, finger tips together.  \'93That\'92s pretty good.\'94   \
	\'93Paul, i don\'92t know what this kid wants.  Want to go give him a hand?\'94 Peter was visibly frustrated, a handful of rubber masks in each hand.  Fiore was continuing his dance, below a high rift of  masks.  \
	\'93Peter!  PETER!  I have found it!  I can\'92t reach it!\'94\
	Fiore was motioning towards a clean, polished, african style mask with exagerated eyes and a slit mouth.  Green paint outlined the edge and bone structure, while bright blue strokes came down from eyes to chin, as if it were crying.\
	\'93That one?  It looks like it weighs a thousand pounds.  Is that wood?\'94\
	\'93It\'92s BEAUTIFUL!  It\'92s composition is nothing, it is it\'92s substance that speaks to me!\'94\
	No one had any protests to this particular mask.  At least it wasn\'92t a zombie or president.  And when Fiore put it on, everyone nodded.  It seemed appropriate.  \
	On the way home, the police force in the city had notably increased.  Squad cars were parked on every major block, uniformed officers wandered aimlessly with walkie-talkies, looking past pedestrians and speaking in a low voice.  Things looked very much under control.  \
	And it was.  You see, the world is full of people looking for something to react to.  They are waiting for the pin to drop, and when it does they are off, looting, fighting, killing, whatever they deem necessary.  Their muse is anarchy, spotenaity, or just struggle itself.  They respond immediately and without consideration, for they have been secretely waiting for things like this to happen for their whole life.  They are dangerous.  \
	Luckily, these types of people crest quickly, and will oppose order only long enough to get their kicks.  Already Marcos, Jon, Paul, and Jorge were back at home, eating dinner with their family.  They had sobered, and now wondered about the fate of the boy\'92s face who they had made one with the pavement.  They too had now watched the news and seen the entire world coping, and had realized that this was larger than their neighborhood.  They, along with the rest of the 1st group earlier mentioned (the reactors), had found some sort of satisfaction, had manufactured some sort of cause, and ridden it home, to bed.  Tomorrow they would go back to work, and though they would still think about their numbers, soon they would blend back in with the other 2 groups, until there was only a homogeny of confusion and apathy.\
	But then there is a fourth group.  They were part of the second group, those who stayed at home and watched.  You might think that they were hiders themselves, but in fact they are reactors.  They just do not react quickly.  Their causes have not finished being constructed, but when they are, they will be strong.  Right now, they are thinking.  They are writing things down, and gathering.  When they speak, the world will hear.  \
	\
	\
\
\
Chapter 11\
\
	It was three days before Robert showed up again.  \
	\'93YOU HUMANS AND YOUR KILLING.  WHY MUST YOU INSIST ON DESTROYING EACHOTHER?  YOU MAKE MY JOB SO DIFFICULT.\'94  Robert was separating a stack of papers into those who were still alive, and those who weren\'92t, one on the top of an Ihop, the other on a daycare.  \
	\'93HMM, NOT BAD.  NOT AS MUCH AS SOME PLACES.  WELL, I HOPE YOU ALL GOT THAT OUT OF YOUR SYSTEMS.  TODAY IS THE ESSAY TEST.\'94\
	Robert had actually brought several desks with him, though not quite enough.  They had descended from the sky with him like a flock of wooden pigeons, landing in parking lots, on cars, businesses, and the gutter stream that ran next to the mall.  Robert had landed in roughly the same place, knocking down the construction fence and breaking some stacks of wood that had been gathered for reconstruction.  \
	\'93KAREN?  I\'92M IN THE SAME PLACE AS LAST TIME.  THIS TIME TAKE DOWNING, I MEAN IT.\'94\
	Paul, Peter, Rebekkah, and Fiore had showed up together, as they had all been eating pancakes together.  Fiore still had a dab of syrup on his mask.\
	\'93You shouldn\'92t eat while you\'92re wearing that.\'94  Paul reminded him.\
	\'93I can\'92t help it, i feel empowered!  It makes your pancakes all the more delicious.\'94\
	\'93PLEASE TAKE YOUR SEATS.\'94\
	Robert handed out exams.  This took over two hours.  Pinched between two fingers, he did his best to guide his the paper where it was headed, without accidently pressing someone into the ground.  A great number of friendships were made as people then helped get the papers to their rightful owner.  It did not take long to realize that each person\'92s questions were different.  \
	\'93PLEASE WRITE YOUR NUMBER AT THE TOP OF THE PAGE.\'94\
	Paul read his first question:\
	1. When you wake up in the morning, is it still dark?\
	Was this a trick question?  It seemed to easy, to obvious, especially for a man that could tell if you were driving the right direction or not.  \
	
\i This depends on which day, i suppose.  During the school year, on the weekdays, it is still dark.  On the weekends it\'92s hard for me to adjust, so i usually wake up when it\'92s dark, then go back to bed.  I\'92m not sure how you count it, since i technically wake up more than once each morning.  \
	
\i0 Paul read it over, checked it for spelling mistakes.  He was sure Robert would get it, but no matter how absurd the exercised seemed, there seemed to be a lot riding on it.  Best not to cut corners.  He moved onto the next question:\
	2:  Since you wake up more than once each morning, is it safe to say the first time you wake up, you are not ready to get out of bed?\
	What?  The question clearly referenced his last answer.  Confused, he looked at the next question:\
	3:  That is not always true.  In fact, it is always a social or ethical responisibility which gets you out of bed.  If these did not exist, would you sleep longer?\
	Intrigued, Paul answered question 2, the way he would write in his notebook.\
	
\i Yes, i think it is obvious that i go back to bed because i am not ready to get up yet.  I\'92m sorry, i didn\'92t mean that to sound rude.  But no one gets out of bed before they are ready.\
	
\i0 Paul felt like a 4 year old watching a magician at a birthday party.  He felt stupid for being fooled, but was unable to find flaw in coin being pulled out of his ear.  He continued to answer.  \
	
\i Yes, i guess that if i didn\'92t have anything at all i had to do, i would sleep longer.\
	
\i0 4:  If you knew no one needed you, and that your absence would not affect the people you knew, would you sleep all day?\
	
\i Yes.\
	
\i0 5:  Is it true that you would find this preferable to the life you currently lead?\
	
\i Yes.  \
	
\i0 Paul swallowed slowly.  What the hell kind of an essay test is this?  In the next desk over, Peter was having an equally trying time.\
	4:  By that definition then, were your actions justified?\
	
\i No i already said no i don\'92t know what you want me to say.  NO NO NO NO\
	
\i0 5:  In this new light, please answer question one again.\
	
\i This is bullshit and I don\'92t have to answer shit\
	
\i0 Peter crumpled the paper slightly with his hand.  Next to him sat Rebekkah. She didn\'92t think her\'92s was that hard.  \
	1: Are you having a good day?\
	
\i Yes!  Paul made pancakes for everyone.  He is a very nice boy, and a good cook.\

\i0 	See?  Very simple.\
	2: Is this the happiest period you have yet experienced in life?\
	
\i Yes, i would say it is :)\
	
\i0 3:  But despite how good your days are, and your fondness of Paul, you will still cry tonight?\
	Now it was Rebekkah\'92s turn to look around in confusion.  Like Paul (and Peter) had, she read ahead to try to make sense of the strangely specific questions she was being asked.\
	
\i Yes, i probably will.\
	
\i0 4:  Will this crying be the fault of Paul?\
	
\i No, of course not.  It\'92s not his fault.\
	
\i0 5:  So regardless of who you meet, or what you do, even in the happiest time of your life, you will still cry at night?\
	
\i yes\

\i0 	Rebekkah felt like crying right now.  Fiore was asking Robert for more paper, tapping his fingers nervously against the desk.  \
\
\
Chapter 12\
\
	There was another man i feel i should mention, likewise taking his test.  He was done before Peter, Paul, Fiore, and Rebekkah.  His responses were short, many of them one word or less.  He was smiling.\
	5: Considering this, can you always be trusted to make responsible decisions?\
	
\i Yes.\
	
\i0 Very easy.\
	At the top of his page was written this:\
	Name:  Simon McGregor\
	Number: 0\
\
	Mr. McGregor is a CERT, a member of the Citizen Emergency Response Team.  This sounds like it is a dangerous, prestigious job, but in reality, it is a volunteer group run by the city of random retired people and those too bored to find something better to do on a Saturday afternoon.  Mr. McGregor himself was old enough to be retired, though he still worked, and had none of the features one might expect from someone carrying \'93Emergency Response\'94 in their job description.  To look at him, he appeared as soft as a bar of soap, kindly widdled through the generations, by wisdom and experience.  He dressed casually, in a non-casual sort of way.  He was known for the light brown fedora he always wore when leaving the house, weathered unevenly by wear, from who knows when and who knows where.  \
	The CERT meets once a month, and talk about what has changed in the world of emergencies since last month, to update the emergency contact list which had only been used once, and to eat leftover donuts.  Their primary mission was to provide a sense of security to their friends and neighbors.  Their secondary mission was to deliver donuts to off-duty firemen.  Their tertiary duty was to respond immediately to a city-wide disaster.\
	Three days ago was the occasion that the contact list had been used for the first time.  The call had come when someone spotted something large descending from the sky over the mall.  Seconds later Robert had began addressing the people.  Except for the people who were already at the mall, Simon was the first one there. \
	There is not a lot one can do in a situation like that.  It is curious the police chief had even placed a call to the CERT when it was obvious a bit more help would be needed.  Perhaps that is the reason they were called.  Regardless, the CERT members ran around in their hard hats and work gloves that have never been used, asking people if they were alright.  Everyone was either alright or dead.  Mr. McGregor had knelt and prayed for the dead, that they knew Jesus before they died.  Otherwise, he gave thanks that there was that many less sinners walking the earth.  For those that were alright, he also said a prayer.  That prayer, if interpreted as a day on God\'92s earth, would be a mix of sun and rain.\
\
	The ride home from the essay test was very quiet.  All four wore a poker face, except for Fiore, who didn\'92t have a choice.  Still, his mask acted as a mirror of his real face; blank.  Though the idea of Robert as a divine power had solidified a bit more for everyone since this visit, so had the presence of Rapture - they were being judged.  Had anyone else read their questions, as they were being passed back?  Would anyone else have understood the questions, out of context?  No one particuarly remembered the questions of anyone else\'92s test they had handled, still their minds ran these loops of what-ifs without consent.  It was worse for Paul, whose mind always seemed to be worrying about twice as much at twice the rate of anyone else.  In his mind he was playing the scene back and forth on an out of focus film projector.  Rebekkah\'92s test had landed at his feet, which he had passed to her.  His paper had come all the way down the row, from Fiore\'92s direction.  At least thirty people must have had an oppurtunity to read it, including Peter and Rebekkah.  \
	Paul let out a sigh.  Rebekkah felt the tension reach a climax, and sought to correct it.\
	\'93Whew, that was ridiculous!  Can you believe we\'92re on summer vacation and we\'92re still sitting in desks, taking tests?\'94\
	This provided mild amusement to the crowd.  There was a few chuckles.\
	\'93I wonder if we will be getting the results soon?\'94 Fiore asked.\
	\'93I don\'92t think I want to see my grade.\'94 Peter snickered.\
	\'93You don\'92t think you preformed well?\'94 Fiore pushed.\
	\'93Look, I don\'92t know if you guy\'92s test were the same as mine, but I\'92m feeling pretty shitty about it.  And I think it\'92s a little more than grades ok?  It was pretty much a highlight of what I\'92ve done wrong.\'94  Peter was squeezing the wheel now as he drove, making his turns questionable.\
	\'93No one is perfect, Peter . . .\'94\
	\'93Shut the fuck up Fiore, I don\'92t want to hear it.  Just shut up.\'94\
	\'93Relax!\'94 Paul interjected.  \'93Mine sucked too.\'94\
	\'93Mine too.\'94 Rebekkah confirmed.\
	\'93Mine as well Peter.  I didn\'92t mean to single you out.  I just wanted to know that i was not the only one degraded by the exam.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s ok, I\'92m sorry.  Doesn\'92t matter.\'94 Peter was unwinding a bit now.  \'93It\'92s just . . . I\'92m a good person.  Screw up one time, that\'92s not enough to judge someone on.  Five questions isn\'92t enough.\'94\
	Fiore placed a hand sympathetically on Peter\'92s shoulder.  \'93I know what you mean Peter.  But i have to think that has not and will not be the only test.\'94  \
	\'93 . . . Yeah.\'94  Peter\'92s response did not reflect whether the matter was resolved to him, only that it had passed.  \'93Either way, i need some ice cream.  Do you guys need some ice cream?\'94\
	\'93Ha, you\'92re like our mom.\'94 Rebekkah giggled.\
	\'93Yeeeeeessssss!  I require ice cream!\'94 cheered Fiore from the back seat.  \'93Robert always stays so long.  I hope he doesn\'92t make a habit of doing this over lunch every time.\'94\
	Paul stared out the window.  Walking slowly on the dirt beside the road was a man in a hard hat and work gloves.  He was starring off at the horizon line, but when Paul looked to see what he was starring at, he saw that there was nothing.\
	\
	\
\
Chapter 13\
\
	Mr. McGregor was almost home.  Luckily, his church was not far from the mall, or he might not have made it to and fro twice in one week.\
	As I said before, Mr.McGregor works though he could be retired.  But no one really retires from being a minister, so this is a moot point.  He and his wife started Sunrise United Methodist Church in their basement in 1963, when the city was still small and new.  Since then it has grown to an attendance of about 100 members, including a dormitory for those that needed shelter, in whatever form that may be.  The ending result, seen today, is a grey stone building occupying about a block, trees all around, quaint dirt path up to the stairs, and a glorious  stain glass rose window projecting a soft redish light into the sanctuary.  The steeple is modest but very much appreciated, a large wooden cross carved by one of the members standing proudly at the top.  It was perfect.\
	But as all things, it was not.  Mr. McGregor pushed into the large wooden doors of the aged building, hung with a sign that read:\
\
	
\i The Assistance Office is closed.  Sorry, we are out of funds for this month.  We will be open again at 9 AM on Wednesday, September 9th.  In the meantime, we suggest you call 211 to find help from other agencies.\
\
	Nestra oficina de ayuda esta cerrada.  La oficina abrira de nuevo a las 9:00 de la manana elmiercoles 9 de Septiembre.  Mientras tanto sugerimos que llamen a 211 para buscar ayuda de otras agencias.  Gracias.  \
\

\i0 	Mr. McGregor thought of updating the sign, but saw no point.  He climbed the stairs to his room in silence.  The room is dark and small, weathered like the rest of the building, virtually unchanged since its creation in 1966.  There is a sink, a stove, a table, a desk.  There is a double bed but only one sleeps in it.  There is a photo of two on the night stand.  \
	By the sink is a dish drainer, and in it are the three things Mr. McGregor uses everyday - kettle, cheese slicer, shotglass.  He fills the kettle with water, sets it to boil on the stove.  He cuts three slices of cheese for his sandwhich.  He fills the shotglass with the bottle of gin from under the sink, exhales deeply, tips the glass and inhales.  He does not cough this time.  \
	There is a window on either side of the room - one pointed at the trees and sky outside, one into the santuary.  This window is on a slanted wall, over the vaulted ceiling, so that in the morning a the light from the sun went through both windows into the pews below.  Sometimes Mr. McGregor would lie up against this wall, starring into the sacntuary, blocking the light with his head.  \
	Besides this room and the sanctuary, there is the dormitory.  There are only four people living there right now, and God knows there is little Mr. McGregor can do to help them.  The kitchen has been closed for years.  The beds were rarely changed.  The rooms were more suited for raccoons than people, but some folks found that to be just right.  \
	Mr. McGregor set his things away and wandered outside, waiting for his kettle to boil.  The stove was old and he knew it would take about fifteen minutes.  \
	The final area of the church was a small fenced in area behind the santuary.  A wooden sign in front of it read \'93ANN\'92S FLOWER GARDEN\'94.  There were no flowers inside.  Brush grew all around, weeds sparingly throughout the middle, but the garden floor remained solid dirt, marked with raised bumps in solid rows, taking on the appearance of a graveyard.  The kettle began to whistle.\
	Upstairs, on Mr. McGregor\'92s table, there was a sandwhich, a cup of tea, and several pieces of paper.  As he ate Mr. McGregor was writing, adding to the pages, stepping backwards and reviewing them.  He had never written a sermon this long.  Nor had he ever written one without the Bible, or that incorporated mathematics of any kind.  He wondered how it would be received, but he did not care.  What he was writing was inspired, word of God, divine epiphany.  The connections were easy to make, once you looked.  What was uncertainty turned to confidence - the words flowed like water from his pen.  Poetic.  Galvanizing.  The words, the numbers, they held a truth he alone could not have created.  They would be ready by Sunday.  Would his congregation?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\qc

\i \cf0 * * * * *\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural

\i0 \cf0 	Paul, Peter, Rebekkah, and Fiore were watching TV, synthesizing the world\'92s reaction to the essay test, now that a day had passed.  A TV evangelist was circling a stage in a large arena of a church, while dramatic music came from the strings section behind him.\
	\'93Children of God, I do not have to tell you we are living in troubled times.  The Lord has shown us that, have mercy.  And I don\'92t even believe I have to tell you that we are living in the END TIMES either!  Take a look around you.  We have angels of the Lord DESCENDING into our world, weighing us on his scales, doing the work of the Lord before the Messiah returns.  He is testing the weight of our SINS!  He is assigning us NUMBERS, our spots in heaven, or hell.   . . . And yesterday, he gave us an essay test.\'94\
	There was laughter from the enormous audience.  Smiling he patted the laughter back with both palms.\
	\'93Now now I know many of you have come to me asking WHAT on earth to make of this and I say to you it could not be more obvious.  Everyone got a taste of it yesterday in five little questions.  The Old Testement is full of stories in which God has had conversiations with believers which consisted PRIMARILY of rhetorical questions.  
\i \'91Who do you say I am?\'92
\i0 , that one sound familiar?\'94\
	The crowd chuckled again.\
	\'93These are questions God asks us, though he knows the answers himself.  And in that way YOUR answers are less a test of FACTUAL knowledge but of SPIRITUAL knowledge.  Now, I would not ask anyone to share this information for these test were a private matter, between one person, and one God.  But as a leader I feel the need to tell you exactly what my five questions were, if you would like to hear.\'94\
	YES!  YES! YES!  The audience cheered, while the man on stage fought a smirk.\
	\'93The FIRST question the Lord asked of me was DO YOU LOVE YOUR JOB?  And oh was that one a quick answer!  Without hesitation I wrote Dear Lord, there is not a better job in all the world, for MY job is to bring the people of the world to YOUR doorstep.\'94\
	HOORAY!  From the crowd.\
	\'93For my second question the Lord asked of me WHAT RIGHT OF IT IS YOURS . . . TO TEND MY SHEEP?\'94\
	The crowd fell silent at this one, wondering what kind of response he would have, and in what direction his questions were heading.  \
	\'93To which I replied, Father, I have none.\'94\
	A gasp!\
	\'93For Lord you as so mighty, and I am so small, you are the divine sheppard, and in comparison i am but a crooked man with a broken staff.\'94\
	Reverential silence.\
	\'93And then the Lord asked of me DO YOU LOVE ME, YOUR GOD, WITH YOUR WHOLE HEART?  And without hesitation I answered Yes, Lord you know this - for I have walked by your side for 31 years.  I have listened as you spoke Father, and followed your voice even when it seemed like it was leading me far away from what was right.  And you have never lead me astray.  Why, after what you have given me Lord, how could I not love you?  And to this the Lord replied, AND DID I NOT HAND YOU YOUR BROKEN STAFF MYSELF?  And to this i replied yes Lord, for it was your voice that lead me into the ministry.  And so asked the Lord, THEN IS IT NOT MY VOICE THAT GIVES YOU THIS RIGHT?\'94\
	The crowds glowed admirably.  A wide shot of the audience reveals tear filled eyes.\
	\'93Do you see what the Lord has shown me?  And through it, what he has shown all of us?  For WE ALL feel unequipped, UNWORTHY . . . of what God has given us.  And we are.  But is calling us, all of us, individually . . . to rise up to the roles he has given us.  And never has there been a more CRUCIAL time to find this calling.  The RAPTURE is upon us.  NOW is the time to turn your ear to the Lord.  If he is calling you, and he is, be ready to receive his message.\'94\
	\'93Liar.\'94 Peter grumbled from the kitchen, still upset about the day prior.  \'93Nobody had a test like that.\'94\
	In only a week, spending the day at Paul and Peter\'92s house had become a tradition rooted in unshakable history.  No one need ask if they would see eachother the next day, Paul simply woke up at ten, unlocked the front door, and pre-heated a pan over the stove.  Somehow they never got tired of pancakes.  And each morning they would sit around the big wooden table in the kitchen while Paul walked around plopping pancakes of different shapes on empty plates as he saw necessary.  Shaping pancake batter is an art, let me tell you.  Making a nice, balanced, round pancake takes practice, but shapes like faces, dolphins, and flowers . . .  It takes a spatula of percise control, a steady arm and a strong concept of composition.  The pan is only so big, only so much detail is possible.  Too much batter and it doesn\'92t cook all the way through - too little batter and it scortches.  Paul was becoming a master.  Peter was generally in charge of doing dishes afterwards, though Fiore and Rebekkah often volunteered to do them, or at least help.  Nobody every volunteered to help make pancakes, but it was out of reverence.  \
	Rebekkah had her face close to the TV, listening.  \'93Well, don\'92t ignore everything he says.  I mean, he was making a good point right?\'94\
	\'93And what point would that be, that he\'92s awesome?\'94  Peter said.  Paul also laughed at this, then stopped.  \'93Oh, are you religious Rebekkah?  We don\'92t mean anything by - \'94\
	\'93No no no it\'92s not like that, i know that guy\'92s crazy.  I know the ones on TV are.  But you can\'92t blame the guy for trying to make people feel good, right?  It was a nice message.\'94\
	\'93I enjoyed it as well.\'94 interjected Fiore.  \'93The man has a very polite smile.  And i too like the idea of being useful in some aspect.  I believe what Rebekkah is saying that it is good to put stock in yourself, even if there is no god.\'94\
	\'93I didn\'92t say there wasn\'92t a God.\'94\
	\'93Are you saying that there is?\'94  Peter seemed itching for a fight.\
	\'93I didn\'92t say either way.\'94 Rebekkah replied, shrinking into the couch.\
	\'93What\'92s with you lately?\'94 Paul hollered.  \'93Why are you interrogating our friends?  Who the hell cares?\'94\
	\'93Lots of people do, according to the multiple conflicts in the middle east.\'94 Fiore pointed out.    \
	\'93See, and that\'92s exactly what I\'92m talking about.  Oh yeah, let\'92s all fucking kill each other over some fucking sky fairy we can\'92t even see.  Race each other to a heaven that doesn\'92t exist.  It\'92s ridiculous, and people like that - \'94 Peter pointed to the TV, \'93Are at the root of it all.  Telling people their life means something when it doesn\'92t.  And there\'92s people like you, fucking lapping it up.  It\'92s spiritual kool-aid, it tastes great, but after the sugar rush it\'92s just deluted water, the same piss we\'92re all drinking only in prettier colors.  It\'92s bullshit, I don\'92t care if it makes people feel good, it\'92s bullshit.\'94\
	With this Peter threw his towel in the sink and walked out into the backyard, slamming the sliding glass door behind him.  Paul comforted Rebekkah, but she said it was ok, she knew that he was not always like this.  Fiore watched him pace the patio with his hands on his head, through the holes where his eyes shone through the mask.  \
	If you have not already guessed, Peter has had substantial difficulty with religion.  Mainly he has problems with people who are all the time saying that whatever anyone does is right and good so long as they tried their hardest to make it so.  That everything they do is serving a higher purpose that was somehow making things better.  This was hardly ever the case.  \
		There is a specific event to which this refers, an event which was resurfaced in his mind thanks to Robert\'92s essay test.  It is what has proven to him that good intentions count for nothing.  He was young, though it was only three years ago.\
	You must remember before I tell you this that Peter is a good boy and never meant anyone any harm.  It was just that he was so sick of all the talk of him being gay.  Him not being a man.  Who was at fifteen?  But it seemed that everyone was, except him.  There was an eating at him to prove it in bigger ways than lifting weights and listening to loud music.  He could have any girl.  Why didn\'92t he?\
	Amy - he had taken her to homecomming twice.  They were at her house, her parents out in lieu of the fact that Peter was so upstanding and trustworthy (and gay too, right?).  He had iniated their first kiss.  It was welcome, of course.  He felt energy in her arms, wrapped around him; but for the first time, he allowed himself to feel the energy everywhere, and blocked the constant stream of chivalry being force-fed into his head, the queer anti-hormone that was stopping him from being a man.  Fuck thinking, this was what it was to be alive.  He could feel her clawing at his back, but could not tell if it was the clawing of a lover in passion or of a scared animal trying to escape.\
	It was consensual wasn\'92t it?  She had only said no once.  He only had to hold her hands down at the beginning, until she was done struggling.  She had stopped crying almost immediately afterwards.  And by the time her parents had returned her eyes were dry and they were watching a movie on the couch.  \
	She did not want to talk about it.  She told him it was alright, but soon she did not want to talk to him about anything.  The silence spread like cancer amongst the girls.  He could see it in their eyes - he would never have their trust again.  \
	If there had been intentions purer they would have been made of virgin snowflakes falling on a kitten\'92s back.  But the snowflakes cut like razors and bled Peter dry.  With the best and most careful of navigation he had smashed himself, and someone he truly cared about, right into a brick wall.  Was he to really believe that there was a god standing over them clapping, yelling \'93Bravo!  Bravo!\'94?\
	Peter turned to see that Fiore had joined him on the patio.  Though Fiore was often found to be too much for some people, he undoubtedly carried a cloud of understanding with him.  Without saying a word they sat together in the patio chairs, staring at the clouds.  \
	Paul and Rebekkah sat on the couch, with a cushon between them.  \
	\'93Sorry about Peter.  Something\'92s bugging him.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s ok, I understand.  He not religious I guess?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know, we don\'92t really talk about it.  I guess not though, from the way he reacted.\'94\
	\'93Do you guys talk a lot though?  Just, not about religion?\'94\
	\'93Um, I guess.  As much as we need to . . .\'94  Paul seemed confused at this.\
	\'93Oh, I was just asking because I\'92ve never seen you talk this much.  At school at least.  I just always thought you were so quiet and you\'92re not.  God I\'92m sorry I\'92m not trying to be rude.\'94\
	\'93Oh no no, not at all.  Yeah, I . . . I don\'92t know.\'94\
	\'93Sorry, i\'92m just saying, it\'92s nice.\'94\
	This is a very nice thing for Rebekkah to say, especially since Paul has so far said almost nothing of substance.  He realizes this, and tries to move something worthwhile from the depths of his mind, out of his mouth.  \
	Rebekkah does not need this to prove that Paul is interesting.  He has a pure kinetic energy about him, and just because it has not surfaced does not mean that it\'92s not there.  This is what she thinks, at least.  	\
	\'93So where\'92d you get those mad skills at making pancakes?\'94  This was an easy subject.  Paul\'92s concentration seemed broken since she had brought attention to the ease in which he was speaking, so she had picked something easy.  He could handle it.\
	\'93Oh, I wouldn\'92t say I was that talented as a cook.\'94\
	\'93I would disagree.\'94\
	\'93Well thank you.  I guess since our parents left we\'92ve had to really adapt to caring for ourselves.\'94  Peter had explained this to them on their way home from the hospital a few days ago.  It still made Rebekkah a little uncomfortable to hear about it.  \'93I just figured they were easy and fun to make so I started cranking them out by the dozens each morning.  I burnt most of them at first, but I guess it\'92s just the practice that\'92s made me better.  It helps to have a hungry audience.\'94  \
	Rebekkah smiled at this, nodding appreciatevely.  \'93Seriously, they\'92re better than Ihop.  I wish I were as good at making food.\'94  Rebekkah\'92s eyes drifted slightly.  \'93I wish I that good at anything.\'94\
	\'93Do you know what I think of when i feel like I\'92m not good at anything?\'94\
	This was a strange direction.  \'93What?\'94\
	\'93Well, i figure that there at least 10,000 people who are worse than me at what I\'92m doing.  No matter what it is - writing a letter, taking a test, walking - everything.  I also imagine there\'92s at least 10,000 people who are better at it than me.  It evens it out.  If any of us are really the best at something, i can\'92t think it could be anything important.  Probably like, typing the letter \'91F\'92 the fastest on a keyboard, or something stupid like that that we wouldn\'92t even notice.  I\'92m good at making pancakes, but I\'92m not the best.  I\'92m just not as bad as most people.  And I\'92m sure there\'92s something you can do that\'92s not quite as bad as how everyone else does it.\'94\
	Rebekkah laughed.  \'93Wow, that\'92s a pretty warped view on accomplishment.  But it actually makes me feel better.\'94\
	Now two couplets sat - one on a couch, one on lawn chairs - and thought about what they have done.  Some were looking forward, others backwards.  If time is really circular the way the Greeks thought then maybe they were actually thinking about the same thing.  Time is more or less an illusion unless it is remembered and perceived.  Actions too then are nothing, dead and gone, if we forget about them.  It is in this way that we control our memories.  If Peter knew this he would not be outside on a lawn chair.  Likewise, Fiore would not be sitting next to them, when the clouds fell down to earth and drank the lakes in one deep breath.  Quenched from their strangely personified behavoir, they began to rain heavily upon them.  Peter let his head fall back, allowing rain to patter down softly on his face.  Will rain water really make you clean?  Whether or not you believe in god, it is a satisfying thought.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 14\
\
	Mr. McGregor approached pulpit slowly, with weight in his steps.  Red light pushed its way into the sanctuary, resident of the Sunday morning light that welcomed everyone with an uneasy feeling that something, somewhere, had changed.  The congregation held their breath as his feet landed.  In his eyes you could see to the back of mind, deeply searching, unreachable.  They had never seen him like this.\
	He had been increasingly solemn, that was nothing new.  And rightfully so, considering.   The nibbling at his insides had turned to a mauling, the days had forced him inside himself to investigate the source, to stop it before it killed him.  Like a catepillar in a cocoon he struggled for air and freedom from his man-made enclosure.  Would  a butterfly break through or would the corpse rot inside it?  Today Mr. McGregor approached the pulipt with a handful of papers, a calculator, and no Bible.  He inhaled deeply, the taste of gin still on his breath.  \
	\'93Who are we gathered here today?\'94\
	\'93WE ARE THE PEOPLE OF SUNRISE.\'94  The crowd\'92s response was resounding and unanimous.  \
	\'93And who are the people of Sunrise?\'94\
	\'93THE FAITHFUL FOLLOWERS OF CHRIST, BELIEVING AS ONE.\'94\
	\'93What is the purpose of Sunrise?\'94\
	\'93KNOWING CHRIST BY MAKING HIM KNOWN.  SERVING CHRIST BY SERVING OTHERS.\'94\
	\'93Then let us pray.\'94  Every head bowed.  There was silence, not even a cough.  \
	\'93Father, we find ourselves in troubled times.  That is what we hear.  And that is what we believe.  But we ask you show us your will through the madness.  May it be in you we find peace.\'94\
	There were smiles of comfort glowing the pews.  They wanted to know how Mr. McGregor would speak today.\
	It is the first Sunday after Robert\'92s appearance.  Mr. McGregor has given comfort personally to everyone in his church individually, but he has yet to make any sort of public statement on it.  Everyone is chomping at the bit, hoping to hear some encouragement, or just direction to go on.  It feels like an hour before he speaks.  \
	\'93Since last week, many strange things have happened in the world.  It seems as though what we know to be true is being questioned, tested.\'94\
	The people nodded, as they had indeed felt tested and confused.  Strained, that might be a good word.  It was as if they were being run through a strainer.  \
	Mr. McGregor spoke stably and without dilineation.  He knew this part would be hard.  \'93I am not going to try to lie to you, we have come too far together for me to resort to that.  The truth is I do not understand what is going on.  Just because I am a holy man does not mean that I can look into the sky and see God any more than you can.  When I pray I hear silence too.  It seems like silence is something our church has been plagued with much of recently. \
	 It is no secret that we are running out of money, and out of support.  We try as a community but it is not our fault, we simply do not have the income.  We have lost those we have cared about.  It seems as though our eyes are not even allowed to dry before the next tragedy strikes.  It feels, I know, as though God has forgotten about us.  It is unfaithful to think this yet it fills our hearts.  Swells in our lungs.  We all feel it.\'94\
	It was true.  The floorboards cried beneath his feet as he paced.  \
	\'93I will tell you the truth.  This Sunday, I had planned to announce my retirement.  I was going to pray with you one more time, and shut the doors for good.\'94\
	Mr. McGregor looked each member in the eye.  It did not take long.\
	\'93But there is a problem with that.  A problem which we have let get out of hand.  We have let this church become a house of our sorrows.  Of mortal dwelling.  \
	We have seen many things of sadness here together, holding hands, laying hands, praying, lighting candles.  So many it seems that they have had trouble leaving.  Too many to fit through the door.  And as a result our human suffering has overlayed what it is we really meet here for.  Jesus.\'94\
	Mr. McGregor began sorting through the stack of papers he had brought.  \
	\'93But this week He has given us a reminder of our mortality.  Something that sees its way above the noise and sobers us to reality again.  He has begun the rapture.  \
	Now, i wish i could quote you some scripture on what to expect, but the Bible says nothing of this.  No great men from the sky.  No assessment numbers.  No essay tests.  I have read and reread Revelation and there is nothing to go on.\'94\
	Mr. McGregor cleared his throat.\
	\'93But that, to me, makes more sense.  Go has given us much knowledge in the Bible, all of it trancendental and universal, but this is where it stops.  We are now being tried, and no more advice is being given out.  Now, a new gospel begins.\'94\
	His congregation still looked as though they were on board.  He hadn\'92t lost them so far.\
	\'93What I am saying is, we have spent so much time thinking of what he have lost here we have have forgotten what we will on day receive!  A day that is now within reach.  \
	\
	No longer is the day we grasp for money, for soon our heavenly riches will appear!\
	\
	No longer is the time we struggle to rebuild our homes, for soon we will be walking streets of gold!\'94\
\
	Mr. McGregor\'92s focus wafted, recalling the scent of dirt.  \'93No longer is the time we mourn the lost.  For we will soon see them . . .\
\
	No!  Now is the time we act.  Now is our time to pray and witness and live with only one thing in mind - heaven!\'94\
	AMEN!  The congregation was alive with praise!\
	\'93Today is the day we put the past behind us and construct our future.  God is calling us to arms, and in turn we must respond.  \
	We have been given clues.  Numbers.  Now what I am about to say may sound strange to you, but only three nights past, the night after which we had been given tests, I suddenly struck by a pattern in the numbers.\'94\
	All eyes, forward, the cogregation leaned in.  \
	\'93At first, I lamented my number.  0.  How fitting.  I felt as though as i was being spit on.  But 0 is not nothing.  It is the lack of something yes - but in that it is powerful.  It is infinite in it\'92s space.  It is a blank page, a clean slate.  It is soil in which to grow - it is what makes me a minister, a leader.  A garden in which to plant and nurture.  And you, you are the plants.  Have you noticed anything special about your numbers?\'94\
	The crowd looked around, trying to guess.  Everyone knew at least a few people\'92s numbers, but they certainly didn\'92t seem to have anything in common.  Mr. McGregor began to demonstrate.\
	\'93Mr. White, what is your number?\'94\
	\'93Uhh . . . 1033.\'94\
	\'93And Mrs. Thompson, what is yours?\'94\
	\'93- 47.\'94\
	\'93And Eric, yours?\'94\
	\'93269.\'94\
	Mr. McGregor smiled.  \'93The number of every member of the congregation, save not one person, is prime.\'94\
	The crowd awed, looking around, not sure what this meant.  Mr. McGregor explained.\
	\'93What is a relationship with God?  It is a relationship with one person and One God.  And what is a prime number?  A number that can not be divided into parts, whose contents is made of only itself, and 
\i One
\i0 .  And this is the way God wants it!  The more obstacles we have, the more of our view is blocked.  More hurdles on the straight and narrow.  A true life, a rightous life, and the life you all lead - it is one in which contains only YOU and GOD.  Could it be more spelled out for us?  God has tallied our lives and marked away those who fill it with anything but the Holy Spirit.  A prime number is a DIRECT connection between man and God, and those who seek pleasure in false idols will be muddied with multiple divisions, a schism of soul, in which the heart resides in multiple places, drawing life from not one source but many, deluting the stream.  These my friends, are not us.  We need no diversions.  We find no solace in backups and options for we have picked our path.\'94\
	The congregation soaked in the warmth of the message like a Holy Spirit tea bag had dropped from the vaulted ceiling, steeping them in the reasurrance they had long since given up on.  \
	\'93But do not forget my friends, that there is another part to this mystery.  A truth that has been revealed to only us.  The truth of the second coming, the Messiah that walks the earth.\'94\
	The crowd stood, flabergasted at the thought.  \
	\'93It is truly a miracle that our church be united this way, with everyone of us being prime.  But do not forget what gives us meaning - that in our lives there is but God and us.  You, and
\i  One
\i0 .\'94\
	The crowd gasped, they had finally put it together.\
	\'93Would you then also believe, that after checking records from every event in every city that there is only ONE person who was given the number 1?\'94\
	Chills.  Shuttering.  \
	\'93And would you believe that this man lives not only in this country, not only in this state, but in this very town?\'94\
	Amen, amen!  Hands were raised towards the sky.\
	\'93Ladies and gentlemen, Christ has returned.  And his name is Paul Williams.\'94\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 15\
\
	Now let\'92s be honest with ourselves.  The idea that God is walking the earth is a bit of a stretch for Mr. McGregor and his congregation.  They are a Methodist church, after all, not a radical cult like the usual people who believe they are experiencing the second coming.  But the people of Sunrise UMC had become desperate for a miracle.  This is half the lubricant of what allowed them to swallow this idea, the other half being that fact that they were truly experiencing the Rapture.  Jesus was due out any moment, and since the current events were already so different from the plan laid out in Revelation, who was to say that He would return on fiery steed, sword from his mouth?  Who could say that it wouldn\'92t be just like the first time, walking unnoticed for thirty years, before things really took shape?\
	They wouldn\'92t wait that long this time.  They wouldn\'92t watch as he was crucified.  Those who truly believed would see him and give him praise, and this, no doubt, would be what seperated the goats from the lambs.  \
\
	It was Sunday afternoon now - partly cloudy, so not too hot - and Peter, Paul, Rebekkah and Fiore were at the small garden.  Firoe had been coaxed into returning after Peter showed off some impressive swings with his baseball bat in the backyard. He had been convinced.   Still, Fiore had insisted on stacking sheets of bubble wrap beneath his mask as a buffer.  He could not look more ridiculous.  \
	The garden now had tiny bits of green poking out the top of the soil, like an infant\'92s head making a first attempt at hair.  Fiore went nuts.\
	\'93Glorious!  You plants really are something.  Already tasting the warm breeze!  See?!  This is the part i didn\'92t want to tell you about!  Can you see how that would have ruined it?\'94\
	Paul and Rebekkah walked around carefully, inspecting as well, though with not half the exuberance of Fiore.  \
	\'93It\'92s hard to tell exactly what things are, with just the little bits sticking out like this,\'94 Rebekkah pointed out.  \'93I have no clue what anything is.\'94\
	\'93But at least they\'92re growing right?\'94  Paul patted a sprout optimistically.  \
	Peter sat, unamused but content, at the picnic table, near the teather ball pole.  The ball had been removed for the summer, and the line blew listlessly in the wind.\
	Paul had thought much of the garden as of late.  It is making more sense now?  He is not sure.  Last night, he wrote this in his notebook:\
\
	
\i I have been watering my garden more regularly now.  There seems to be things growing. At first i thought that they were weeds, because that is usually all i am able to . . .  prodigate.  \
	\
	
\i0 Paul did not know that \'91prodigate\'92 was not the right word.  He thought he had heard it somewhere, used in a way which made it seem that it meant \'91to grow by will\'92.  What it actually meant was \'91to squander\'92.  This is also sort of funny in an ironic way, though it was not percieved.  The word Paul was going for was \'91propagate\'92, which means to spread or grow something by natural process.  \
\
	
\i Anyway, i\'92m starting to think they\'92re not weeds. \
\
	
\i0 Rebekkah had gone to the side of the house to turn the hose on.  \
	\'93I don\'92t think you need to do that,\'94 Peter called after her, \'93doesn\'92t it look like it\'92s going to rain?\'94\
	\'93But what if it doesn\'92t?\'94  Rebekkah tugged fervently at the snagged hose.  \'93Its barely rained all summer, I\'92m afraid they\'92re going to die!\'94.  Fiore echoed this sentiment, protesting that they\'92d barely had a chance to live.  Peter conceeded, though the clouds looked ready to burst.  Rebekkah turned the knob, and the water came on without a hitch, a relief as they were afraid it might have been shut off over vacation.  Her thumb formed a cresent over the nozzle, gushing a dramatic arc of  water above them.  Fiore and Paul joined Peter at the picnic table, as Rebekkah playfully danced the water back and forth across the garden.  \
	There is a strange thing harmony possessing the world now, thought Rebekkah.  It was true that it was said to be ending, yes, but for the time being it was beautiful.  \
	There was a time when Rebekkah was deeply religious.  Not that she was ardently in opposition to it now . . . well, it is hard to explain.  But when Robert had showed up her first thought had been \'93Here it comes.  Boy am I ever gonna get it.\'94  Payback for aversion of course.  But nothing could be further from the truth!  Since the appearance it seemed that one good thing was happening after another.  Rebekkah had never been one to be still and let the tide wash over her, or keep her mouth shut long enough for her antagonizers to sing over her.  Rebekkah\'92s spirit was independently wealthy, rich of a long list of pats on the back from herself.  And it did not look like she was being punished for it.\
	Still, here dreams appeared in stained glass, window to a time that looks better through the colored glass.  True forms alluded her.  It was a conflicting mess to wake into each day.  \
	\'93That\'92s enough water!\'94 someone yelled.  Rebekkah looked down into the puddle she was making of the tiny green sprouts. \
	\'93We gotta get out of here before it 
\i rains
\i0 !\'94  Peter yelled.\
	\
	The ride home was uneventful, as most care rides are.  Rebekkah and Fiore smiled at the teasing rain clouds.  \'93Rebekkah, do you like to catch raindrops in your mouth?\'94  Fiore was rolling down his window.  \'93Well, yeah, but it\'92s not even raining yet!\'94\
	\'93That\'92s something 
\i losers
\i0  say!\'94  Fiore shoved his face out the window.  \'93I will be first!  I will catch the most!\'94\
	Not to be outdone Rbekkah likewise thrust her head through the window, waiting for the first drop.  In the front seat Paul and Peter were talking about the day when it had rained while they were in the kiddie pool in their backyard.  Water above, water below.  For some reason this memory had returned to them both at the same time.\
	Suddenly, all conversations stopped, as they pulled into the driveway.  There on their porch, grass, and surrounding area sat at least a hundred people.  \'93Stay in the car\'94 Peter said softly to Rebekkah and Fiore.  Peter and Paul walked slowly to towards the crowd, which had become silent as soon as the car had pulled up.\
	\'93Can we help you guys?\'94 Peter asked.\
	The crowd shuffled and murmured to themselves.  \'93We are looking for Paul Williams.  We were told he lives here.\'94\
	\'93 . . . I\'92m Paul . . .\'94  He raised his hand as though they might have trouble picking him out.\
	Immediately, the entire crowd of people knelt in one fluid, dramatic movement.  The sound of it startled everyone near the car.  \
	\'93PAUL WILLIAMS!\'94 A man in a brown fedora said, standing.  \'93I am Pastor McGregor.  We have deciphered your code.  We have come to give thanks and bow to the living body God.  Praise be to You!\'94\
	\'93Rebekkah?!\'94 someone called from the crowd.  It was Martha.\
	\'93Mom?  Dad?\'94\
	Awkward silence of reverence filled the crowd.\
	\'93
\i This 
\i0 Paul?\'94  Walt practically sang.  \'93Good Lord honey.  Our daughter knows Jesus!\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 16\
\
	Paul sat restlessly on the bench on his front porch.  Sitting on their knees in neat rows on the grass were the attendees of Sunrise United Methodist Church and their pastor Simon McGregor.  Rebekkah sat on the bench with Paul, while Peter and Fiore stood on either side.  \
	\'93Lord, are these your chosen disciples you travel with?\'94\
	Now, let\'92s take a minute to examine the last few minutes from Paul prospective.  Paul is not one to be swayed by baseless praise and recognition.  Even being declared Lord of All Creation would not enough to make Paul trust these people.  It was more a reason not too.  \
	Still, what do you do with a hundred people camping on your lawn proclaiming you the Messiah?  Paul was playing it by ear.\
	\'93We notice Rebekkah Moore travels with you.\'94  Pastor McGregor was speaking for the crowd.  \'93She was once a member of our youth group.  We had thought she had gone astray.  But she has found you Lord, and for that we give thanks.\'94\
	\'93AMEN!  Praise be to Paul.\'94 the crowd echoed. \
	\'93Umm . . . \'94  Paul began.  \'93First of all, I am not god.\'94\
	This did not deter the crowd.  Even Jesus would not admit to being the Christ until he was on trial before Pontius Pilate.  \
	\'93Second of all, these are not my disciples, because I am not god.\'94\
	\'93Lord, you speak too lightly!  We are aware of your code.  The code of the prime numbers!\'94  Pastor McGregor briefly explained the concept to Paul, since he already knew most of it, what with being God and all.  \'93We have even noticed that your friends here are prime as well.  Except for Fiore, that is.  Could you explain that one to us?\'94\
	\'93Ahh, no, because there is nothing to explain.  There has been a mistake.\'94\
	The crowd sighed.  \'93But Father, we 
\i believe
\i0  in you!  We want to be near you as the final events play out!\'94\
	\'93Please!\'94 Fiore objected.  \'93These events are anything but final.  Have you seen how long it takes Robert to do anything?  We will be here for centuries.\'94\
	\'93Oh I see Lord!  Fiore is  . . . a prophet?  A wretch chosen, as so often you have Lord, to speak for you?  Is it he should we should ask for your Divine Interpretation?\'94\
	Fiore was offended.  \'93You will get no interpretations from me!\'94\
	\'93You have angered him!\'94 hissed a member.\
	\'93Fiore, Paul, forgive us, we do not mean to offend.  We are confused.  We do not know what events lie ahead, but we want for them to unfold in the way you have chosen.  You have favored our church with all prime numbers.  If you have set us aside for some divine task, please tell us.  Please Lord, give us hope.\'94\
	Paul looked around at the very real, human eyes, hungry for a response.  He did not know what lied ahead either.  Nor had he weighed the events so heavily yet.  Paul, unlike Rebekkah, 
\i was
\i0  one to just let the tide wash over him.  So long as it didn\'92t disrupt his way of life he could care less who was dropping out of the sky, destroying malls.  This crowd of people, looking for answers in him, was frighteneing.  Walt was giving Rebekkah discreet thumbs up and winks from the third row.  \
	Rebekkah\'92s previously mentioned religious devotion had taken place at Sunrise.  Her parents went every week, and so had she, her whole life.  There she had melded with the youth group, a fine collection of young people, assembled for basically the same reasons as she - her parent\'92s wishes.  And here she had prayed, traveled, and grown with these people, all under the pretext of Christ centered fellowship.  Perhaps we will hear more of this later, it is hard to tell.  Either way, it comes to an abrupt end one year prior to today\'92s events.  \
	Many teenagers have similar experiences with religion - they go along with it until they are old enough to think for themselves, then suddenly it becomes leverage for upsetting one\'92s parents.  This, exclusively, is where satanism comes from.  \'91How do you like that, dad?  I\'92m getting a pentagram tatooed on my forehead!\'92\
	But this is not where Rebekkah finds herself.  She has seen many wonderful things in religion - some of her best friends have come from the church.  Unfortunately, that is where they had stayed - once you have left, they do not want you back.  This in not the way Christianity works, but it is the way Christians do.  Especially Christian teenagers.  And this, in a nutshell, is why she left.  \
	Oh, but when she did, if it wasn\'92t the most liberating experience one could imagine.  In the church, Rebekkah was subdued, leaning on the words of others and finding crevices to hide in on the surface of their impressions, trying always to remain bright and clean and full of the holy spirit.  Impressions, that was everything.  Please.  Describing the will of a god you can\'92t see was like doing a card trick for the blind.  It caged verbs, forced trained them to dance like nouns.  To them, love was planed, methodical, specific.  But this, above all things, she knew to be false.  Love was not particular, it was rampant, and if god was going to look her in the eyes and tell her love was to be controlled, well then, to hell with it.  \
	Still, abandoning religion is not like giving up on any other aspect of you life.  Learning to walk with two legs when you were used to three.  If you have ever done this you know how Rebekkah feels.  \
	\'93Ok, let\'92s go over this one more time.\'94  Paul was saying from his seat at the bench.  \
	\'93I am not god.  These are not my disciples.  Fiore is not a prophet.  My name is Paul.  I am a high school student,\'94\
	\'93He makes wonderful pancakes!\'94 Fiore added.\
	\'93 . . . Apart from that, though, there is nothing special about me.  My grades are average.  It takes me 20 minutes to run a mile.  If I am your god, you have picked the wrong religion.\'94  Paul had expected this to offend them, but they seemed all the more interested.\
	\'93Paul, Jesus was much like yourself.\'94  Pastor McGregor insisted.  \'93In fact, we don\'92t know anything about the first thirty years of his life.  He could have been just like you.  Even of what we do know, he was a true underdog.  Born in a manger, to a poor family, he was despised his whole life . . . spit on by all but a small following.\'94  He looked at Paul quizically.  \'93How is it you know you\'92re not the Messiah?\'94\
	\'93 . . . What, you think I wouldn\'92t know if I were god or not?\'94 Paul asked angrily.  \'93That I was sent to earth to collect your souls and someone forgot to tell me?\'94\
	\'93Lord, I know this sounds strange.  It is strange to all of us.  But please consider this.  You are the only person in the world given the number one.  And if a prime number -\'94\
\
	\'93Yes I am aware of how it works.  It\'92s great.  And really, I\'92m sorry that it\'92s not true.  It\'92s not that I\'92m against helping you.  Or that I don\'92t respect your religion.  You just got this one wrong.\'94  With this Paul picked up his things and walked inside.  Peter, Rebekkah and Fiore followed him.  The crowd relaxed and sat down indian style on his lawn.  \
	\'93Are they leaving?\'94  Paul asked.\
	\'93No.\'94 said Fiore.  \'93It appears they are just getting comfortable.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 17\
\
	It is a much different life, Paul found, for a Messiah.  Keep in mind that he had not accepted this role, it had been thrust upon him, and as previously discussed, he was not one to fight the current.  Instead, he was making a lot more pancakes.  \
	Out in the backyard they sat in groups, stretching in the morning light.  Some of them had procured sleeping bags or tents, others slept on the grass, in lawn chairs, whatever they could find.  \
	\'93Good morning!\'94 Rebekkah called to the group.  \'93Pancakes are starting!\'94\
	The first night, there had been a shouting match between Peter and the followers.  Peter had won, naturally, due to the passive nature of the group, but they still would not leave.  The police had enough on their plates, they weren\'92t about to answer a call about some stubborn campers.  The next morning Paul had almost forgotten, until he looked out his window to see that everyone was pretty much where he had left them.  By day three it seemed inevitable.  There was no reason that they should have to starve too.  \
	\'93I think we\'92re going to run out of bisquick pretty soon.\'94  Paul called to Peter.\
	\'93Sucks for them.  I\'92m not going to the store to get more batter for your cult.\'94\
	\'93C\'92mon, it\'92s mom and dad\'92s money.  They won\'92t even miss it.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s not the point!  You sympathize with them, they\'92re gonna stick around longer.  Your condoning their behavior.\'94\
	\'93Do you know what\'92s worse than having a hundred worshipers in your backyard?\'94 Peter asked.  \'93Having a hundred 
\i dead
\i0  worshipers in your backyard.  These people aren\'92t leaving for food, they think I\'92m gonna magically feed them through osmosis.  They will starve themselves to death if we don\'92t do something.\'94\
	Peter knew Paul was right.  He grabbed his keys.  \'93 . . . Whatever.  Just don\'92t let them make kool-aid.\'94\
	\'93More eggs too!  At least 4 dozen.\'94\
	\'93This is fucking insane!\'94 Peter yelled as he slammed the front door.\
	Outside Fiore was talking to the people as Rebekkah passed around orange juice and paper cups.  \
	\'93And in this way, each way seed is like a soul.  It grows forever outward, but reaching upward.  The ground is barren and dry without it.  Likewise, the seed is useless without the soil.  It is the combonation of the two that brings life.\'94\
	The crowd hung on every word he said.  \'93Fiore, may we ask you,\'94 a member asked, \'93Why do you wear a mask?  Is it to conceal your identity?  Or have you earned that mask for your wisdom?\'94\
	\'93Oh, I was attacked.  So I guess a little of both.\'94\
	The crowd nodded appreciatevely.  To them, everything he said made sense.  \
	\'93Ok, here\'92s the first batch!\'94  Paul said, \'93I\'92m sorry, I just don\'92t think there\'92s going to be enough.  Peter went to the store, but I\'92m not sure when he\'92ll be back.\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t worry!\'94 Pastor McGregor said, \'93It will be more than enough!  It should be us making pancakes for you, Lord!\'94\
	\'93Stop calling me that . . . \'94 Paul said listlessly as he walked back into the kitchen.  Fiore was beginning another story, and people with full plates careened hurriedly, ducking so as not to block anyone\'92s view, to get a spot in front of him.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\qc
\cf0 * * * * * \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\ri1584\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	\'93Like your pancakes, huh?\'94 The cashier rang up the bisquick and eggs.  Boop.  Boop.  Boop.  Boop.  Boop.  Boop.  Boop.  Boop.  Boop.  \
	\'93Yeah, just, uh.  Really been feelin\'92 em lately.  Can\'92t get enough.\'94\
	\'93Right on, right on.  You doin these outside?  Need some propane?\'94\
	\'93Ahh, no thanks.  I\'92m good.\'94\
	This was definietly not going to happen more than once.  If Paul needed more supplies he could come pick them up himself.  \
	Peter was taking his change when he saw her.  There in the breakfast isle stood Amy.  Their eyes meet for a brief second.  Amy placed a box of poptarts on an invisible shelf in front of her, as she scurried in the other direction.  Peter was out the door before they hit the ground.  \
	Not even Simon and Garfunkel could make the drive home more comforting.  So he did not drive home.  Instead, Peter sought a space in which his mind could decompress properly - a park.\
	It was no stretch to say that Paul had not been himself lately.  Where he had once prided himself in politeness and level-headed thinking, his agressively manly persona had been spilling over, making a mess of things.  Now he was split, confused, not sure on which side of the fence he stood.  An endless rhetoric played inside his mind.\
	What is the nature of a man?  How was he expected to act?  It has been the deciding question for Peter since puberty, left unanswered through many sleepless nights and lonely years.  He was no closer now than he was then, thirteen years old.  But the truth is, as he watches these two personae battle, Peter has yet to make the connection that that they are 
\i both
\i0  there, inside him.  One did not enter through an open window just to pick a fight, they have resided there since birth, not separate, not ever.  So why are they being sentenced to a death match?\
	We, all of us, have real a knack for viewing things two dimensionally.  It is easier to process things this way; our stories make more sense, our decisions come more naturally.  We like to look at someone and say \'93they are bad, they should be punished\'94.  We know this because they are dressed in black and are smoking, and the creepy music plays when they appear on screen.  Likewise we assign only the most distinctive traits to our males so that we will not get confused.  What is the nature of a man?  It is to fuck, to fight, to blow shit up.  See how he just lit that guy on fire?  That\'92s how you know he\'92s not a woman.  That\'92s proof that he\'92s not gay.  \
	But if we were to look harder we would see the lines of grey - the sweet, high, feminine tones that balance the low in Frank Sinatra\'92s voice, making his pitch perfect and whole.  Instead we shut out the idea that a man can be loving and gentle, and that they can also be strong.  That there is a time and place to be both.  That perhaps these two personae, deep inside Peter\'92s heart, should be shaking hands instead.\
	And so Peter looked at the clouds.  Maybe it is alright that he is slightly between the two extremes.  If there are boys who want only to fuck fight and destroy, let them.  You are not one, but that is not wrong, it is just different.  Actually, you might find, not that different at all.  Just not what people were expecting.  And that is good, because honestly, what people have come to expect is depressing.  What people settle for, for the sake of cohesion and simplicity, is sub-par.  \
	Peter thought of Rebekkah, the only girl that he could be considered even slightly close to.  The last girl left, he was aware of, who might take him seriously, not guarding themselves from him out of fear.  From the moment he met her he could see that something was wrong.  That she was in need of comforting, on some level.  And he wanted Paul to do it - to succeed where he had failed.  Paul was still new to all this, he was younger and had not had the breakout success with girls that Peter had.  But this was the best thing for him!  No rushing into things.  No one telling him who he should be to them.  Well, there was Peter.  And that was important.  But Peter does not buy into all that crap about kids looking up to their older brother, like in the anti-drug commercials where a boy turns down a joint because his little brother is watching.  The little brother will make up his own mind his own way, regardless, and often in spite of, his family\'92s wishes.  Still, Peter thought of all the mini-James-Bond-wannabes and figured that whatever influences he might be expelling, that they should be in line, just in case.\
	On the ride home he listens to Sinatra, inspired.   He sings aloud as Frank and Ella duet on \'93Where or When\'94:\
\
	\'93
\i When you\'92re awake, the things you think\
	Come from the dream you dream\
	Thought has wings, and lots of things\
	Are seldom what they seem\
\
	Sometimes you think you\'92ve lived before\
	All that you live today\
	Things you do come back to you\
	As though they knew the way
\i0 \
\
   
\i . . . And so it seems that we have met before\
	And that we laughed before, also loved before\
	But who knows where or when\'94\
\
\
	
\i0 In the backyard, everyone was nibbling happily on their pancakes, pouring syrup like fine wine, sharing jokes and praying.  Paul had never seen anyone so happy to be anywhere.  \
	\'93I ran out of biskquick.\'94 Paul told Rebekkah defeatedly.  \'93I don\'92t know where Peter is.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s ok, it looks like everyone\'92s got some.\'94\
	\'93Really?  There couldn\'92t have been enough for that.\'94\
	\'93Well, everyone\'92s eating.\'94\
	Indeed, Paul could see that everyone was.  He plopped the last plate of pancakes down on the patio table.  \'93Alright, well then these are mine.\'94\
	\'93You haven\'92t eaten yet?\'94\
	\'93No, I was in the zone, so i just kept crankin \'91em out.\'94\
	\'93Wow, you\'92re quite the Savior.  Personal sacrifice is a good quality for someone in your position.\'94\
	Paul laughed nervously.  \'93 . . . You don\'92t think I\'92m Jesus, do you?  I mean, really, I\'92m worried about this.  What am I supposed to do now?\'94\
	Rebekkah smiled.  \'93What\'92s wrong with what you\'92re already doing?\'94\
	\'93What, feeding them pancakes?  I think they we\'92re expecting something a little bigger than that.\'94\
	\'93
\i I
\i0  think this is 
\i exactly
\i0  what they want.\'94\
	\'93Rebekkah sweetie!\'94  Paul and Rebekkah were interupted by Walt, Rebekkah\'92s father.  \'93Rebekkah, sorry, I know you\'92re talking to the Christ right now but I just wanted to say how proud I am of you.\'94\
	Paul scooted to the other side of the table, but still maintained focus on their conversation as he ate his pancakes.\
	\'93For what?\'94 Rebekkah asked.\
	\'93Well, I . . . I was just so worried when you stopped coming to church.  I prayed for you every night, that you . . . But here you are!\'94\
	Paul watched, engrossed.  \
	\'93Walt!  Leave the kids alone!\'94  Matha called from afar.\
	\'93Honey!  They\'92re not kids!  One of them is GOD . . . \'94 Walt scolded, turning to Paul.  \'93I am so sorry.  That\'92s my wife Martha, and I\'92m Walt,\'94 Walt bowed slightly, \'93And I can\'92t tell you how glad I am you\'92ve given my daughter a second chance.\'94\
	\'93Dad!\'94\
	\'93No sweetie it\'92s Ok, he knows.  He sees all things.  It looks like you\'92re still my little princess after all.\'94\
	\'93Dad, don\'92t, you\'92re - \'94\
	\'93What, embarrassing you?  There\'92s no way honey.  Our sins are laid bare at his feet, there\'92s not a think I could hide from him even if i wanted to.  Paul - \'94 Walt turned again to Paul.  \'93Umm , what would you like us to call you?\'94\
	\'93Paul is fine.\'94\
	\'93You sure?\'94\
	\'93Positive.\'94\
	\'93Paul, you know of my daughter\'92s sins.  Of her unclean living.\'94\
	Rebekkah was blocking loud sobs with her hand.\
	\'93Y - yes.  I know all about it.  There\'92s no need to bring it up.  All is forgiven.\'94\
	\'93O - oh Lord.  Thank you . . . thank you so much.  Just, for you to pick a wretch like my daughter to - \'94\
	\'93Walt Walt Walt that\'92s enough.\'94 Martha had come up behind him in his emotional appeal.  \'93Come back to the blanket.\'94\
	\'93You\'92re right.  I\'92ve taken enough of his time.\'94  Walk bowed one more time to Paul.  \'93Please, I hope we get the chance to talk like this again soon.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m sure we will.\'94\
	Walt glowed as Martha tugged at his arm, eventually returning him to their striped blanket.  Paul looked over slowly, out the corner of his eye, at Rebekkah, trying unsuccessfully to conceal the aligator tears pouring down her checks.  Paul tried to think of something comforting to say, but all possibiliities seemed like they only make things worse.  So Paul said nothing.	\
	At this time Peter was pulling into the driveway, the last fragments of \'93It Was A Very Good Year\'94 dissapearing into the car speaker s he turned off the car.  He carried six bags of groceries into the house and set them to rest on the kitchen counter.\
	\'93Hey!  There you are.\'94  Paul said, coming into the kitchen.  \'93That took forever.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, sorry about that.  Got distracted.  Did everyone eat?\'94  \
	\'93Uhh, yeah, we had enough.\'94\
	\'93Ok, that\'92s good.\'94  Peter smiled and walked towards the patio.  He stopped, his expression hardening.\
	\'93Has Rebekkah been crying?\'94  His eyes could have laser etched the word \'91guilt\'92 into Paul\'92s forehead.\
	Frightened Paul responded \'93Y-yeah, well sort of.  Her dad came up to me and started thanking me for forgiving her of her sins, for her being a wretch and stuff.\'94\
	\'93And what did you say?\'94\
	\'93Well, I stopped him and said that it was all in the past, and then her mom came and got him . . .\'94\
	\'93And what did you say to her?\'94\
	\'93Ahh . . . nothing . . .\'94\
	\'93Nothing?!\'94  Peter was ashamed.  \'93She was crying and you just sat there and stared at her?\'94\
	\'93No!  I wasn\'92t staring, i just - \'94\
	\'93Listen,\'94 Peter said, with frightful clarity.  \'93When a girl cries the only thing you can do wrong is to do 
\i nothing.
\i0   Now get your ass out there and ask her what the fuck is wrong!\'94\
	Paul shirked in horror.\
	\'93Sorry.\'94  Peter was still getting the hang of it.  \'93But seriously, if you care about her, you should go ask her what\'92s wrong.\'94\
	\'93A-alright, ok.\'94 Paul looked out the to Rebekkah, still shrunk into the chair, attempting to look emotionally tepid.  So many things had risen to the surface in the last week that most romantic thoughts had been surpressed for the time being.  He was unsure now of how the conversation would begin, as it looked as though she might crush the next thing put in front of her.  Paul was saved, sort of, by Fiore who suddenly eclipsed her from his vision.\
	\'93Paul!\'94  he called triumphantly.  \'93The people would like you to deliver a message.  They have prepared a large rock for you to stand on.\'94\
	Paul looked aprhensively at Peter, who gave a shrug that illustrated how ill-equipped he was to aid in this situation.  \'93Ok, coming . . .\'94\
	\'93You will talk to Rebekkah after this.\'94 Peter hissed.\
	\'93Alright!\'94\
	Nervously Paul made his way to the center of the yard, where several members had stacked rocks from his mom\'92s flower garden into one giant pillar, about three feet high.  It looked wobbly.  Several people motioned to it with open hands.\
	\'93Ah that\'92s fine, I can talk from down here . . \'94\
	\'93Please Lord!\'94 someone said, \'93We spent a long time building it.\'94\
	Reluctantly, Paul mounted his dubious altar, testing it one foot at a time, as the crowd kneeled to make it appear higher.  \
	\'93Ok,\'94 he began, a novice to delivering messages.   \'93 . . . We need to talk about where this is going.  I\'92ve think I\'92ve adequetly conveyed my argument that I am not, in fact, God.  But you don\'92t seem to want to hear that.  I think it\'92s great you\'92ve all found something to believe in.  And I guess I\'92m a little flattered that you\'92ve picked me as your Messiah.  But I don\'92t know what you expect from me.  I can\'92t see the future any more than you can . . . I can\'92t work miracles and or wisk you all off to heaven or something.  I don\'92t mind making you guys pancakes but I just want you to know that\'92s all I\'92m capable of.\'94\
	\'93Lord, don\'92t appoligize.\'94 Pastor McGregor answered, standing.  \'93We understand that this overwhelms you.  That maybe you do not fully understand your calling, or your powers.  But we believe in you.  Things will begin to make sense eventually.  Your role will fall into place.  It\'92s God\'92s will!  Fiore has foretold of it.\'94\
	Paul scowled at Fiore.\
	\'93Do not look at me!  I tell them stories, they make their own interpretations of them.\'94	Fiore had told them about a long tension he had once had waiting for a bag of chips to drop from a vending machine.  \'93The chips merely tipped forward, and became wedged.  It was all the change i had - gone, wasted, lost.\'94  Fiore had had real tears in his eyes.  \'93So i left from that place - the bell had rung, the lots been cast.  There would be no chips for me this day . . . or so I thought!\'94  The crowd was bubbling with anticipation.  \'93But as I passed that very same machine on my way out, what did I see?  My chips still hung, solitary in its place, but now wore on it\'92s back two candy bars and a bag of sunflower seeds!  Weighed heavy with this new burden i approached it again.  My heart was racing.  I could see that the edges of the bag of chips was begining to buckle.  So there I sat, on the floor, for forty-five minutes.  I thought many times of leaving.  Of walking home and just eating there.  But I knew that these chips were rightfully mine.  And at the end of this time when i stood, my shoes shook the floor, releasing from captivity not one but four snacks - one which I had paid for, and three of which i had earned for my patience.\'94\
	Paul was privy to the vending machine story.  A palm to his face, he wondered how this situation could be corrected before it got out of hand.  What he need was those long metal wires they put on sapplings to make them grow straight.  What were those called?  He needed those, only for large crowds of people.  \
	The people remained staring, wide eyed and attentive.  Around the yard was makeshift trashcans, filled to the brim with leftover pancakes.  \
Chapter 18\
\
	Do you hear what is blowing in the breeze?  Listen closely - it is sadness.  The trees shiver and moan.  Like all things in nature they feel it coming before we do.  The restlessness that stirs in the empty, yearning heart is growing.  \
	There is a change coming.  It is not one of grace, as before, but of the physical, of human hand.  It\'92s effects will deeper, the wake sharper and more sobering.  Many will be hurt.\
	It is Paul this time who is shaken awake by it first - he tastes it on the air; sharp, metal, acidic.  He wanders out to the living room, where Rebekkah is watching TV.  She had been staying overnight now, in the guest room, seeing as her parent had abandoned their house for Paul\'92s backyard.  And they still were - rows of tents stretched across his lawn like a minature circus.  \
	Fiore felt in next, while he was still several blocks away from Paul\'92s house.  He heard it in the clanking of bike chains as Marcos, Jon, Paul, and Jorge rode by on their bikes.  Marcos rode a bike that burned a crimson red, Jon a 10 speed as black as night, Paul a street bike of an innocent white, and Jorge a small one speed that was sickly green.  They did not notice him, still something seemed unwell.  Fiore swallowed hard.\
	Next Peter sat up straight in bed, a clenched fist at the end of each arm.  As his eyes adjusted he could see no visible threat, and wondered if the reaction was the fragment of a dream still dissapating, or the omen of a battle yet to take place.  \
	Finally, Rebekkah shivered on the couch though it was not cold.  \
	\'93Are you cold?\'94 Paul asked.  She confirmed that she was not.  \
	Paul thought now about approaching this divine mystery that was Rebekkah.  Like a Rubic\'92s cube he had admired her for her pretty colors and elusive charm.  It is easy to do this, requiring no sacrifice or risk.  But to go any further would be to take the puzzle in both hands and attempt to make sense of it.  However, this feminine Rubik\'92s cube is a more difficult than its plastic bretheren; there is a good chance it will twist and shuffle itself just as you are on the verge of making significant progress.  That is sometimes what they want - not to be solved, but to always be worked on.  Paul does not need puzzles like this in an already complicated life.  No satisfaction comes from never-ending trial and error.  Nor is he very good at solving puzzles.  Perhaps he will work on this one some other day, when he is more prepared.  More worthy too?  He supposes this plays a part.  \
	Paul sprays Pam into his skillet, rotating it above the open flame.  Soon, Rebekkah is standing beside him.  \
	\'93Can I help today?\'94  she asks.  She is willing to learn.  She does not expect to surpass or even reach his level, as is considered respectful in martial arts, but thinks that with this many people to feed a student may be of much aid to the sensei.  He pulls a second pan from beneath the counter.  \
	He shows her the proper temperature, and the way he adds sugar to the batter to give it some zing.  She smiles sweetly at him as spins the spatula mid air, creating a wild rain-drop effect on the hot skillet.  \'93These are the bumble bees,\'94 he says, \'93Next we make the flowers.\'94\
	Peter is watching from the corner of the hallway, where he is not seen.  \'93My brother is so stupid.\'94 he is thinking.  \
	Fiore entered hurridedly, though he certainly had no place to be but where he already was.  He still wore his mask though the need was long gone.  His face had actually healed quite nicely, and now you could see that there was little more than scabs marking the spots of previous transgressions.  That is, if he weren\'92t wearing the mask.  \'93Paul, i feel like we should be careful today.  I felt something strange on my way here.  Perhaps we should warn the followers.\'94 \
	\'93Of what, that you feel weird?  Relax.\'94 Paul said.  \'93Besides, everyday is weird here.  I would be more worried if something unusual didn\'92t happen.\'94\
	\'93Also Paul, there is a flower missing from the planter out front.\'94  Cocking his head slightly, Paul moved to the front window.  Sure enough, there was a large hole in the dirt row of violets.  \
	\'93Hmm, looks like someone just picked that sucker.  How rude.\'94  Peter lamented.\
	\'93Not really, it looks like the removed it completely, roots and all.\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t worry about it Fiore, you\'92re just in a weird mood today.\'94  Peter said.  \
	There was a knock at the back patio window.  At the window stood a man in a brown fedora.\
	\'93Pastor McGregor.  What\'92s up?\'94 Paul said.  He lifted the skillet into his line of vision. \'93Gettin hungry?\'94\
	\'93We have a problem Paul.\'94\
	Out in the yard a man and woman were sitting around a small battery-powered radio, dialing it furiously.  \'93It was back that way!  87!  87 something!\'94  the woman said, smacking the man\'92s hand.  Voices began to hum through static and crowd hushed to silence.  \'93There\'92s a news program on . . . \'94 whispered another man nearby to Paul.  \
	\'93You guys know we have a TV, right?\'94\
	SHHHHH! the crowd begged.  A news-style voice became clear and loud in the tiny speaker:\
	\'93-ounced that new evidence is leaking regarding the assesment numbers.  CIA officials say that several patterns have emerged, though declined to tell us exactly what these patterns are or what they indicate.\'94\
	\'93They\'92re on to us!\'94 hissed the same man.\
	\'93Government officials say these patterns will be studied extensively to reveal their validity, as they show potentials for shining more light on our situation.\'94\
	Pastor McGregor pulled Paul aside.  \'93We\'92ve got to hide you . . .\'94  He said nervously.  \'93From now on . . . you shouldn\'92t leave the house.\'94\
	Paul didn\'92t understand.  Pastor McGregor attempted to explain:\
	\'93In the story of Jesus, when the government caught whiff of a Messiah, they became worried.  They can\'92t stand the thought of someone usurping the power of the government!  Of syphoning off their influence.  And how did they handle Jesus?\'94\
	Paul did not want to be crucified.  \
	\'93That\'92s not how it works!\'94 Rebekkah interjected.  \'93Our government isn\'92t run by the church.  They\'92re not going to crucify him, Paul\'92s done nothing wrong.\'94\
	\'93Neither had Jesus.\'94  Pastor McGregor had a roguish glint in his eye and a devilish twiddle in his thumbs.  \
	\'93No really, I think you\'92ve got it all wrong too.\'94  Paul confirmed.  \'93Really, you\'92re only a hundred people.  What do they care if -\'94\
	\'93ONLY a hundred people?\'94  Pastor McGregor said, so loudly, that it shook the earth.  He was upset in way that seemed unfitting.  \'93WE are the CHOSEN people.  Do you think we stay here out of an impartial conviction?  Out of a lack of things to do?  We WAIT her e because we know what is coming, whether you acknowledge that or not.  Do you KNOW what God has done with fewer?!  Did the Jews not persevere through every trial and tribulation?\'94 Indignation weeped from his eyes. \'93Don\'92t you think your followers are getting SICK of your disbelief?  Don\'92t you think they could some encouragement?\'94\
	Now Peter was jumping in, putting a weighty hand in front of the Pastor.   \'93Ok, i think this is getting a little extreme.\'94\
	\'93And what do you find to not be \'91extreme\'92 in the wake of the apacolypse?\'94 Pastor McGregor was turning rapidly, addressing the crowd as if they were a blanket slowly wrapping around him.  Paul, Rebekkah, and Peter became frightened when they saw the hardened looks being reflected in some of the member\'92s eyes, and then all of them.  \
	\
	Things became suddenly uncomfortable in Paul and Peter\'92s (and for the time being, Rebekkah\'92s) home.  Pancake production was halted for the time being.  The congregation paced the backyard like hungry tigers.  \
	Pastor McGregor sat on the center alter that had built for Paul, a brooding look in his eyes.  Not the eyes of a Pastor.  Deep in his mind there were conflicts.  This was not working as he had thought.  He longed for the bottle of gin he had left at the church.  Still, he formulated and drew and wrote.  New possibilities were opening.  \
	The residents became worried, but they did not want to call the police after Pastor McGregor\'92s story.  Thought it was not likely that he would be crucified, Paul did not want to be accociated with this strange cause that he was somehow leading without knowing a thing about.  He wasn\'92t one to want to be accociated with anything.  When the military raids cult compounds they always go for the leader.  Paul did not want this kind of attention.  He had only tried to help them.  \
	The people waited for Paul to deliver a message.  They were waiting for something like the sermon on the hill, for Paul to raise a staff and tell them what to do.  Paul watched form inside, thinking that maybe he should do something like that, just as a lie, to get them to leave.  But he did not want to perpetuate the assumption that he was the Son of Man.  He felt the best plan would be to act as normal as possible, so that they would lose interest, and move on to some other Messiah.  \
	Outside the people talked amongst themselves.  They had all been very enthusiastic about this plan in the beginning.  Almost a week ago now, Pastor McGregor\'92s sermon had made so much sense, but thing did not appear to be playing out the way they expected.  Instead, they sat and waited for a fifteen year old boy to rise up and command a new gospel, a new turning of the tide.  Some of the members had children Paul\'92s age at home, and they recognized that blank stare.  This kid doesn\'92t know anything, some of them thought.\
	But then also, they thought, Pastor McGregor does.  And they thought again of Jesus, undocumented until the age of thirty.  They hoped they would not have to wait that long.  It just seemed like things should be happening faster than this.  \
	Perhaps you picked up on the fact that these members had children at home.  Perhaps you have also noticed that no children near Paul\'92s age are on his yard.  I was unspecific, so it\'92s really not your fault if you didn\'92t.  But these children were indeed left at home.  Or in Sunday school, rather.  The decision to go to Paul\'92s house had been abrupt and poorly thought out - in fact the entire congregation had simply filed out of their pews, following Pastor McGregor, all the way to Paul\'92s house.  \
	Marianne, the woman who taught Sunday school, had not seen the congregation leave, nor had she been notified of what had happened.  When no one came to pick up their children, she told everyone to stay put and wandered out into the sanctuary to see what had happened.  There was not a soul in the entire building.  She gulped and clinged to the doorframe - it had happened!  Robert had come and taken the believers.  She had been left behind.  The children!  He had left the children behind!  How cruel.  They were not perfect, Lord, but honestly, some of them were as young as seven.  \
	She was a thin, blustery woman with large glasses and the types of dresses you make out of patterns bought at Michael\'92s.  She had never married but wanted children, so you see how that goes.  She has maternal instinct, tons of it, and it took over, full swing, when she realized that she was now mother to these children.  She sat them down and explained.  Everyone over 11 wandered off.  The rest stayed, huddled near Miss Marianne, as she thought of how she would care for these poor forsaken babies.  \
	Many members wondered about their children.  They figured that Paul had provided in some way.  (Marianne never got the thanks she deserved.)\
	\
	More reports were coming in.  Paul tapped his fingers nervously against the coffee table as he read the CNN ticker - OVER 330 CHURCHES AND CULTS CLAIM A LEADER BASED ON NUMERIC PATTERN.  CIA YET TO COMMENT.\
	He looked out the window and saw that it was to late - the entire congregation stared in at Paul, a man in the center of the group holding the small radio.  \
	Paul was barely being given time to sort things out.  He and Peter, Rebekkah, and Fiore huddled on the couch, discussing what they thought to be the proper way to control the situation, even though it seemed, as it so often does, there was really no control to be had.  Fiore was asked what kind of stories he had told.  Almost all of them were just ridiculous for them to be perceived on a deeply spiritual level.  \
	\'93Do you know any stories,\'94 Paul asked hopefully, \'93That could be interpreted as, \'91everyone go home to your children\'92?\'94.\
	Fiore did not think that he did.  \
	\'93Paul, we\'92re moivng out.\'94 Pastor McGregor called into the open patio door.\
	\'93What?\'94 All four exchanged a look of suprised coincidence and rushed out the back door.  The entire congregation was standing, folding and tying things around them as though they were nomads.  They cheered as Paul entered the back yard.  \
	\'93What are you guys doing?  You\'92re leaving?\'94  Paul asked optimistically.  He could see the grass again.  The people smiled at him.  \
	The optimism faded as he scanned the crowd - at what they had placed on themselves.  Everyone had a large white \'931\'94 painted on them.  Blankets had been tied to tent poles, making flags that read \'93Paul Williams is Lord\'94.  More horrifying still was the cluster of nails wrapped around the fists of the males, the identical brushes of white beneath each eye.\
	\'93Wait, what are you guys doing . . . \'94\
	\'93Paul, This is it.  We\'92ve thought about it, and about what we\'92ve been told, in the gospel, and from Fiore.  There are 330 cult groups spreading lies, confusing the minds of the weak.  They are taking the streets.  It is time for us to stand up and protect what\'92s ours!  This is the war that was foretold! We have to -\'94\
	\'93Wait wait but I didn\'92t say anything.  I didn\'92t say to do this.\'94 Paul stammered.\
	\'93I am acting as the leader of this church, on the prophecy of the Later Old Testament. That is, what was formerly the New Testament.  This is the period of war.  It is the most crucial time for people to be saved, so we must wipe out the liars that wear the mark of the beast, the non-primes, so that the others can hear God\'92s word.\'94  Pastor McGregor explained. \'93 And we have to preserve ourselves.  In Revelation it says that in the end days there will be only one true church left.  That is us Paul, you know it, you have chosen US!  The PRIMES!  We have lived blameless lives, adhering as best to your word as is humanly possible.  Is this not the law to be saved?\'94\
	YES! chanted the crowd.\
	\'93And have we adhered to this law?!\'94\
	YES!\
	\'93Then are we rightous?!\'94\
	The crowd was exploding with a resounding yes, yes, our time has come, our war is almost over.\
	\'93He is right!\'94 a man from the back yelled.  \'93He is our Zero, our sheppard, as you are our Lord.  He will lead us into the crusade, we will fight a rightous battle, and return to you when the infidels have been defeated!\'94\
	\'93Wait,\'94 Paul paused, turning to Pastor McGregor.  \'93Your number is zero?\'94 Paul gave him a solid look in the eyes. \'93 . . . Zero isn\'92t a prime number.\'94\
	\'93I - I am the soil, the flower pot this church grows from!  You have given us the faith, I will provide the means to accomplish it.\'94  Already half the group was out the back gate, singing loudly a hymn:\
	\
	
\i Behold! the Christian warrior stand\
	In all the armor of his God;\
	The Spirit\'92s sword is in his hand;\
	His feet are with the Gospel shod;\
\
	In panoply of truth complete,\
	Salvation\'92s helmet on his head;\
	With righteousness a breastplate meet,\
	And faith\'92s broad shield before him spread!\
\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\i0 Chapter 19\
\
	The doors were locked.  The windows were shut.  It was made to appear as though no one was living inside.  \
	Outside, terrible screams raised above the quiet air.  There had been a lot of shuffling and footsteps, then none . . . then there had been several BANGs and more screaming.  Yelling too.  Then screaming, yelling, banging, and footsteps all ran together, rising and falling into slow dissipation.  No one looked.  They had a feeling they knew what it might look like, if they were to.  Their lights were off.  \
	\'93How\'92s everybody doing?\'94 Peter asked in a low voice, leaning over the couch.\
	\'93Good . . .\'94 Rebekkah replied.\
	\'93Hungry . . . \'94 Fiore answered.\
	\'93I\'92m sorry, I can\'92t make anything worth crap.  I\'92ll go look at what we have in the cupoards.\'94\
	\'93Will you go check on Paul?\'94 Rebekkah asked.  \
	Peter walked down the hallway, and gave a soft knock on Paul\'92s door.\
	\'93Paul, how\'92s it going man?\'94\
	No response.\
	\'93Hey, uh . . . we\'92re gettin pretty hungry.  Any chance you wanna make some pancakes?\'94 	His chuckle rang unanswered.  \
	Inside his room, inside his blankets, Paul lied in total darkness, brushing his face against the sheets to dry his face.  \
	Paul does not ask for much.  He takes very little from the world and expects nothing.  He is quiet and non-cofrontational.  Why this had to happen to him, considering, is a mystery.  More than all things he just wants to be left alone.  But god seemed bent on handing out as many bad hands as possible.  He had a feeling he was counting cards.  \
	When Paul and Peter\'92s parents still lived with them, Paul felt this way too - he had refused to leave his room, sometimes for weeks at a time.  Perhaps not being wanted was the precursor, that the ignorance of his existence was default and standard.  It is something that one adapts to, after an upbringing of apathy.  \
	Peter had been first, the end of happy times for the young couple - so Paul just felt like insult to injury.  He was more or less a sub-section of Peter, the child(s), the problem, the source of woes.  In this way Peter lead the battle for their right to exist, and Paul simply watched.  He was mentioned often but never addressed.  Dinner plates passed over his head, as did conversations and their meanings.  \
	This sort of environment enters the participant into a dreamlike state, in which the entire world unfolding before them soon begins to appear a show being put on, that he is the spectator, sitting in a glass box, watching the movement outside.  Yes, it was much like this - that Paul was sitting indian style in the center of a glass cube, free of all noise and dirt, observing.  It feels separate and peaceful, and the silence did not bother him.\
	During these days, Peter did often what he was doing now as well - a soft knock, a kind word, and a meal so he would not starve.  Paul would not answer then either, but each morning the plate had been wiped clean and stacked in the dish rack.  Peter wondered if this would be the case tonight.\
	\'93So he used to do this a lot?\'94 Rebkkah asked when Peter returned.  \
	\'93Yeah.  You probably noticed him being absent several days in a row.\'94\
	\'93Actually, i didn\'92t.\'94  Rebekkah sighed guiltily.  \
	\'93Well, he\'92d been fine since our parents moved out.\'94 Peter said, reclining on the couch.  \'93I thought maybe that would be the end of it.\'94\
	\'93To be fair though, this seems to be a special circumstance.\'94 Fiore pointed out.\
	Now the world was knocking on the thin glass walls of Paul\'92s world.  Somehow Paul had thought that they hadn\'92t seen him sitting there.  But now they called him by name.  They wanted in, and if he did not open up they would enter by force.  Cracks from eager fists split outward in a frightful fractal.  \
	Paul\'92s has his notebook under the sheets with him and is scribbling frantically in it, though it is too dark to see and he does not look as he scrawls.  The words are off-line and scattered, but if arranged in order they would say this:\
	\
	
\i Weeds everywhere.  Or the plants or growing out of control or invading from other gardens.  They are chocking me.  They are taking me and spreading me everywhere when i want to stay right here.  \
\

\i0 	Paul seems pretty stuck on the garden metaphor.  That is fine, i guess.  To keep things from getting too complicated perhaps it would be better to think of this glass box as a greenhouse.  Paul\'92s own personal sanctuary, his garden.  There are no shelves or potted plants in this green house, everything grows from the ground.  Safe from external forces, pruned to - well, death.  But it feels separate and peaceful, and the silence and bare dirt floor did not bother him.\
	Paul is writing things to this effect in his notebook.\
\
	
\i And the knock was less of a knock and more of a LET US THE FUCK IN and i don\'92t have enough room and i am scared and i don\'92t want plants i can\'92t control\
\
	
\i0 On the his dresser, next to the alarm clock, sat Paul\'92s cat, Id.  Perhaps you remember him from Chapter 1.  He has not made much of a difference in things because he runs at the first sign of danger, so since the first appearance of Robert he has been hiding in Paul\'92s room, leaving only at night to eat, leaving an empty bowl to be found in the morning.  He is black and has medium length fur.  He looks at all times terribly alert and distracted.  Right now his eyes are transfixed on Paul\'92s blankets, which move in rhythm with his writing hand.  He listens to the scratch on the awkwardly angled pen, and cocks his head as if a different angle might register the sound so it makes sense.  \
	Id is blind.  He has been blind since he had been declawed, when he was given too much anesthetic and went into a short but poignant coma.  The overdose affected only the part of the brain controlling vision, not the eyes themselves, so Id\'92s eyes remained a pure and deep green, though they saw nothing.  Trace shadows, plays of light, maybe.  Every once and a while his head jerked like he had seen something for an instant, but then wandered back to nothing.  Despite this though, he was very capable of finding his way around.  As long as the furniture was not moved too drastically he did as well as Peter and Paul.  Most guests had not even noticed.  \
	Today Id was going out.  Though Paul has locked himself inside, there is a small, very purposeful hole between his bedroom and the one next door, Peter\'92s.  It seems as though the rooms were built to compliment eachother in some way, and that wires were to be run between the two without letting too much light in.  A theater room perhaps?  No matter.  The hole was perfectly cat sized.  \
	Exiting the house Id lifted his ears and scanned them like a satellite dish searching for signal.  There was nothing in his immediate - wait . . . slow footsteps.  Id was not as talented at navigating places outside his house, so he was forced to rely on the echo of sounds to fill the spaces out mentally.  He was familiar enough with their street, and as the footsteps became closer Id ran haphazaardly, his belly dragging the ground, into a nearby row of bushes.  As the footsteps came closer he could hear a 
\i drip drip drip
\i0  with it, and the rustling of papers.\
	\'93Can\'92t find anybody . . . \'94 moaned a voice, presumably attached to the source of steps, drips, and rustling.  Suddenly the footsteps stopped.\
	\'93Hey!  You there!\'94 the voice called nervously.\
	A second set of steps could be heard now, approaching from further away.\
	\'93You there!  Do you - are you a Believer?\'94\
	The second set turned to jogging.  \'93Yes!  Yes I know God!  Sir, you\'92re hurt!\'94\
	The two sources of sound met, collapsing onto the edge of the sidewalk, bordering the bush where Id hid.  \
	\'93Yes, there\'92s . . . a big scuffle.  Demons already walk the earth.  They didn\'92t crawl out of  the ground or nothing, they climbed right out of their mother\'92s womb.  The devil really is a tricky bastard.\'94\
	\'93Yes, yes, i know!  Lucky we have God to light the path for us.\'94 the second voice said. \'93I really think that\'92s what it comes down to today.  We have a situation that would break anyone, it takes a mind set on God not to go astray.  Quite the test.\'94\
	\'93Ain\'92t that the truth.\'94 the first voice responded.  His voice was lower to the ground now, as if he were lying down.  There was a ripping of fabric.  \'93Is that too tight?\'94\
\'93Got to be tight for it to work, right?   . . . Thank you for doing this.  You didn\'92t have to stop, you know, I\'92m sure there are people you\'92re looking for too.\'94\
\'93It\'92s ok, you needed help.  I want to make sure you\'92re alright.\'94\
\'93Thank you.\'94 the voice on the ground said.  \'93This is really amazing, you know?  Everything that\'92s happening . . .  I was never religious growing up.  Parents never took me to church.  Big waste of time, they thought, myself included.  All that hell and heaven stuff felt so far away then.  Not so much now, right?\'94\
	\'93Ha, you got that right.\'94 the second voice said.  \
	\'93Glad i found Him, eventually.  Glad you found him!  Outside of Us, the whole world could care less, right?  Don\'92t bother me, I won\'92t bother you.  I tell you what, it sure wouldn\'92t have expected someone to stop and help someone like this, especially considering what\'92s going on.  You think that\'92s the way its got to be, though you feel like it\'92s not right.\'94\
	\'93But that\'92s what God\'92s all about though, right?,\'94 said the second voice, \'93Helping the people you don\'92t know, no matter what they\'92ve done . . . I had the same experience.  Never religious til I was older.  I knew something was wrong, but I just didn\'92t know what.  My friends said I had a \'91God shaped hole\'92.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s clever!  I think I\'92ll use that.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, and now it\'92s more important than ever.  What with all the people running around, claiming to be the messiah.  All the false prophets saying they\'92ve got the number pattern figured out, when really it couldn\'92t be more obvious.\'94\
	\'93What do you mean by that?\'94\
	\'93You know, about the Fibonacci sequence - the way God has added the deeds of man so that - \'94\
	\'93The what?\'94 yelled the first voice yelled, \'93You think that . . .\'94 the second.  \
	\'93Oh, don\'92t tell me your one of those, goin around telling people - \'94\
	\'93I\'92m telling people what they need to hear, not some - \'94\
	The shouting excalated into shuffling.  Id heard a woshing noise followed by a deep 
\i thuck!
\i0  and more dripping.  There was a scrambling and more ripping, several indistiguishable yells and more 
\i thuck thuck thuck thuck.\
	Thuck thuck thuck thuck thuck thuck.\
	Thuck . . . thuck thuck\
	Thuck\
	
\i0 Id heard no further noises.  When he was sure that there was no one around, he crept slowly out of the bushes, soft and swiftly, making his way down the street.  About three houses down he stopped in the yard with the most lovely smelling group of flowers.  Id rubbed himself against them, though because of his lack of vision he was more or less plowing them over, or missing them completely.  Inside the house he heard the yells of a small child.\
	\'93It\'92s unclean!  Mom, it is dirty!\'94\
	\'93It\'92s alright honey we have other bowls.  Go get another one from the bottom cupoard . . . no not that one . . . the - yes, right there!  Bring me that one.\'94\
	\'93Mom, what is the cake for?\'94\
	\'93I already told you honey, just for us.\'94\
	\'93But because why?\'94\
	\'93Just because we like cake.\'94\
	The child seemed satisfied with this answer.  There was a clanking of kitchen utensils, and Id perked and followed the scent they were creating over the fence (that was a tricky one) and into their backyard.  From a back window Id could here a TV playing cartoons.  \
	Jumping into the adjoining house\'92s yard Id could hear the clinking of dishes as well, the talking of people.  He smelt lots of food.  He heard a little bit of crying coming from near the house.\
	\'93Come here Agnes!\'94 Id heard.\
	The quiet sobs became muted.\
	\'93There there.  He\'92ll be back.  This isn\'92t what everyone is thinking, i\'92m sure of it.  Everyone is going to come back tonight.  For now we should go inside.\'94\
	Id heard a screen door open and close, the volume of talking inside fluctuating in proportion.  And from the door comes a jingle jingle and a smell, and Id realizes another cat has entered the yard.  The hiss placed him about twenty feet in front of him . . . Id ducked and ran to the right, not knowing what he would find.  He was quickly disoriented when he was scared.  Paws scurried angrily behind him.  Suddenly Id found the fence, head on, and scaled it as quickly as gravity would allow.  Luckily for him the other side of the fence was clear of obstruction and Id ran quickly away.  He was running now up a large grassy hill he knew to be behind his house, a little ways.  It overlooked a fair portion of the city, and as Id mounted it he could hear many things coming from below.  \
	Id would not have known this, as he had never seen the hill, but to the far right of it lied Paul\'92s school; straight ahead was the neighborhood Fiore was beaten for entering, and much farther and off the the right was the mall.  To the left was a deep forrest of which Id had never entered.  Nor had he wanted to.  Cats have a sense, I\'92m sure your aware, that is much deeper than ours.  Id could hear screaming and yelling from the scene before him.  But more than that, he could feel the pain too, he knew that it was a place in which pain was now promised, should he enter.  Still, if that big neighbor cat had snuck up behind him right now, he would have dashed right into it, or off to the right, or further towards the mall, before he turned left and entered the woods.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 20\
\
	News played non-stop,  reporting casualties on what was generally considered to be the last war on earth.  In the beginning they had tallied statistics based on each church, even giving them all little icons and animated flags sticking into parts of the map they currently held.  But soon there were too many to count, not enough colors in the spectrum to represent each one.  \
	Also there had been newscasters taking sides.  Or being replaced.  You would be watching live footage of the streets, and all of a sudden the narration would change and start supporting one side in particular.  The camera would switch back, revealing an entirely different person dressed in some specific holy garb, preaching one side\'92s view in particular.  It was hard to keep track of which stations were being hosted by journalist, and which were being held captive.\
	\'93They guy on 9 is back!\'94 Rebekkah shouted to Fiore, rummaging through the kithen.\
	\'93Good!\'94 he called, running to his spot on the couch with a box of croutons.  Fiore had insisted they watch 9, he felt the anchor was portraying the situation in the most balanced, informed, and professional manner.\
	The news anchor now sported a large cut across his cheek and a bandage over his eye.\
	\'93We are back on channel 9,\'94 he said, fixing his blood splattered hair, as a makeup woman dabbed foundation over a still-bleeding wound.  \'93We had a momentary loss of control when the Triangulation Clan invaded the studio.  Security has removed them now and we will continue hopefully without interuption.\'94  His name was now being shown at the bottom, Fred Coppolla.  \'93Since we went off the air an hour ago, four more major buildings have erupted in gunfire.  Currently the Perfect Digital Invariants hold the bank at Federal and Constitution, and are only distributing funds to people who can prove that their number is equal to the sum of a power of its digits when the power is not equal to the length of the number.\'94 \
	Fiore was doing the math in his head.\
	\'93The government has announced plans to ease the tension in these war-torn areas.  Military troops have been deployed, but many of them have likewise taken sides and are feeding the CIA false information.\'94\
	It was becoming harder and harder to put faith in things, Peter found.\
	\'93The President has released statements concerning the current situation.\'94 Mr. Coppolla explained, \'93and though he does not want to take one side over another, he agrees that the number have, as of recently, found to be of more importance.  If only for the study and identification of crime and cult affiliation, the President has ordered that every American wear his number in a visible place at all times.  The GAP has agreed to sponsor this initiative, and using the President\'92s master list of numbers, have began making a coat for each citizen, with their number clearly printed on the front.  They have already begun production, and the coats will be delivered in person by all compliant soldiers as they are finished.  Please put them on immediately.  They have bee printed on whatever stock clothing the GAP already had available, so they are not guranteed to fit.  This will be fixed in the coming days if, in these coming days, there is anyone left to fix it.\'94  Fred had a worried look on his face.\
	\'93More news as soon as we get it.  In the meantime I advise you find the people you love and keep them close.\'94\
	All three on the couch hesitantly looked to their left, down the hallway, where Paul lied.  Inside Paul tossed and turned, contimplating how integrity could remain inside his cracked and scattered green house.  The writing had turned to nonsense.  He was staring at the wall, watching it vibrate as his eyes begged him to blink.\
	There was a knock at the door.  Rebekkah latched to Peter\'92s arm instictively, as Fiore did to Rebekkah.  Peter\'92s hand choked the bat.  He rose slowly, steadying his grip, and walked to the door.  He looked through the peephole without uttering a sound.  Outside stood two men in full camoflauge.  Peter took a deep breath and undeadbolted the door.  Slowly he turned the knob, and peeled the door open.\
	\'93Hello?\'94 he asked hesitantly.\
	\'93Paul?  Paul Williams?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s my brother.\'94\
	\'93May we come in?\'94\
	Just as Peter slowly began to open the door further, two other men in camoflauge, panting through gas masks and carrying automatic weapons appeared at the end of his driveway.\
	\'93GET DOWN!\'94 one of them yelled.  The two officers at the door turned in a panic, revealing a giant \'917!\'92 painted in blood red on the back of their uniforms.  \
	Peter slammed the door and ducked, yelling to Rebekkah and Fiore just in time for a mess of bullets to pummel the front of their home, along with two uniquely indetifyiable screams.  \
	There was another knock at the door. \
	\'93Don\'92t answer it!\'94 Fiore yelped.\
	Peter peered carefully through a hole at the two officers in gas mask, who were now inspecting the dog tags of the two mericilessly desceased officers on the front porch.  \
	\'93Just like I said!\'94 one of them said, \'93It\'92s Douglas and Harris, they went Factorial hours ago!\'94\
	\'93Ok, radio in the news.\'94 the other said.  At the same time he reached out with his right hand and rapped on the door again.  \'93Residents!  This is the U.S. military.  There is not need for alarm.  We have your jackets.\'94\
	Indeed, Peter could see a cardboard box with \'91GAP\'92 printed on the side.  \'93Drop your weapons first!\'94 he yelled.\
	\'93We can\'92t do that.\'94 the officer said. \'93We\'92ve been getting shot at all day, I ain\'92t fallin for that one.  Tell you what, you tell us who\'92s inside and well just leave the jackets and get out of here.  Deal?\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 Peter hollered.  \'93We\'92ve got Peter Williams, Paul Williams, Rebekkah Moore, and Fiore Chathis.\'94\
	The man began rummaging through the box.  \'93Hmm . . . not all those people live here do they?\'94\
	\'93No, not all of them.\'94 he explained.  \'93They\'92re just staying here for now.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s ok,\'94 the officer said complacently, shifting through the box, \'93We\'92ve got a lot of that going on.  Ok - Peter Williams, Paul Williams, Rebekkah Moore, and Fiore Chathis.  All here.\'94  He stacked four dark blue coats neatly on the porch.  \'93You folks stay safe, ok?\'94\
	\'93Ok\'94 Peter said, watching as they walked away and off to the next house, and went through generally the same process with the next house, minus the gunfire.  Carefully, Peter turned the knob, and snatched the bundle from the porch, slamming and locking the door behind him.  \
	\'93It\'92s ok guys, it\'92s just our jackets.\'94 Peter reasurred them.  \
	As if by miracle, everyone\'92s jacket fit.  There were dark blue, button up the front pea coats, stitched hastily with chalk white numbers on the left breast.  1.  11.  541.  Fiore\'92s number appeared in both scientific notation and long format, probably to avoid confusion, reading 9 X 10^43 (90,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000).  The zeros wrapped all the way around the coat several times, for the whole length of the torso, front and back.  \
	\'93Mine is the best!\'94 Fiore swooned.  \'93Such personality!\'94\
	\'93Certainly appropriate.\'94 Rebekkah agreed.\
	\'93I\'92ll go give this to Paul.\'94 Peter said, grabbing his coat.  He first put his ear to the door to see if he could hear anything - nothing.  Not even the scratch of a pen now, though Peter would probably not have been able to hear that anyway.\
	\'93Hey buddy,\'94 Peter said.  \'93Got a present for ya.  We have been asked to wear coats with our numbers on them.  Wanna see if yours fits?\'94\
	Nothing, of course.\
	\'93Me Rebekkah and Fiore\'92s did.  Don\'92t know how.  These guys just showed up . . . they were wearing gas masks and . . .\'94  Peter sighed, propping himself up against the door frame. \'93Paul, I . . .\'94  \
	Peter went into his room, and shut the door.  He lied down on the floor, and put his face to the hole that connected the two rooms.\
	\'93Paul!  Remember when we used to talk like this?  When we were younger?\'94\
	There was still no response.\
	\'93Paul, i know this is hard for you.  That you didn\'92t ask to be a messiah, you didn\'92t even ask to be alive, i get it, you don\'92t deserve it.  But your alive, and you\'92re you, as much as you don\'92t want to be, and well, you have to play the hand your dealt.  You don\'92t get any better at Poker by folding all the time.  Life is the same way.\'94\
	Peter struggled to think of more to say, something that might change things.\
	\'93Listen, I know you\'92re not going to respond so I\'92ve got something I have to tell you.\'94  He scratched his toes against in the carpet.  \'93I . . . I don\'92t always set the best example, do I?  As your brother.  With girls and how to act and stuff do I?  I mean, dad never did so I guess thats kind of my job, but I guess I never bought any of that influence crap.  Like that commercial were the kid turns down pot because his younger brother is watching?  That\'92s bullshit.  The kid\'92s gonna smoke pot if he wants.  I figure you\'92re the same way.  Not about pot though.  I mean just in general.  Doesn\'92t matter what I do right?  You\'92re not watchin.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m watchin.\'94 Paul muttered.\
	Peter exhaled.  \'93Am I doin\'92 alright?\'94\
	\'93Doin fine.\'94\
	\'93Paul, everybody misses you.  I know you don\'92t like people feeling anything towards you, but at least these are the right kinds of things, right?\'94\
	Paul seemed to be done saying things for the time being.\
	\'93Listen, it doesn\'92t matter who claims you as their messiah.  It\'92s your choice who\'92s god your going to be.  You\'92re still - it doesn\'92t matter what things people attach to you.  You just . . . live with it.  Live through it.  Live in spite of it.\'94  Peter stood and walked away, leaving the 1 coat at the foot of Paul\'92s door.  \
	It was a pretty cheesy speech, but there are times when you are in the mood for those.  Paul was.  It seemed just the motivation he need to sit upright, and blink.  For the time being, that was doing pretty good.\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 21\
	\
	Rebekkah was thinking that coats were just the worst possible clothing for the numbers to be printed on, it being the middle of June and all.  Was this really the best the GAP could come up with?  Then again, it\'92s not like t-shirts would be practical.  You have to wash those every time you wear them, every three times if you\'92re a boy.  And you can really tell when a t-shirt doesn\'92t fit, unlike a jacket.  You had more leeway.  Rebekkah was no expert on clothing, but she was able to make sense of this situation.  \
	The threesome sat on the couch, buttoning and unbuttoning their new coats, trying to find comfort within them.  They were stiff and unfamiliar, like all new clothes are, but lacked the charm to get them through the next few washes, the way clothes you pick out yourself do.  It felt more like they were uniforms for a new job, except the job was life and your shift never ended.  And when it did you were dead, in which case then you were put into a suit and buried, uncomfortable forever.  These were more Paul\'92s thoughts - he had quietly opened his door and was studying his coat like the rest, though he was not with them.  \
	Peter was now thinking about the first set of military men that had knocked on the door, the ones with \'917!\'92 painted on their backs.  It was setting in that they had been looking for Paul.  What did they want Paul for?  Peter began to sweat.  He remembered all the flags with Paul\'92s name on them.\
	\'93I think we should leave.\'94 Peter said, nervously, not sure what kind of a response that would get.  \
	\'93Go out?\'94 Rebekkah asked.  \'93Where?  Why?\'94\
	Peter did not want to reveal what the first soldiers had wanted.  \'93I\'92m starting to feel like it\'92s not safe here.\'94  Now Peter was feeling paranoid.  Rebekkah had raised a good point - where?  What was safer than here?\
	There was a meowing coming from the back patio door.\
	\'93Id!\'94 Peter yelled.  \'93How did you get outside?\'94\
	\'93You guys have a cat?\'94 Rebekkah asked.  Fiore waved at it.  It was trembling.  \
	Peter made his way to the glass door and slid it open for Id - and scanning quickly across the backyard, in a purposfully non-chalant way, Peter picked up at least eighteen pairs of eyes shining out of various bushes and landscaping.  He turned apathetically and said in a very quiet voice to the occupants of the couch, \'93Go get in the car.\'94\
	\'93What?\'94 Fiore asked.\
	\'93Go get in the car.\'94 he repeated in a louder, firmer voice.\
	\'93What are you - \'94 Fiore\'92s retort was interrupted by Rebekkah\'92s scream.  Peter turned to see a half-naked man, painted green, with a bow and arrow in his hands creeping steadily towards the glass.  Id scampered back into Paul\'92s room, the way he had come, while Fiore and Rebekkah hurdled the couch in the direction of the garage, as the backyard became alive with green painted, half-naked, bow-wielding men.  If this were some sort of homo-erotic cowboy story this might be considered a climax, but this would actually be classified as a low-point for Paul, Peter, Rebekkah, and Fiore.  It was a good thing arrows do not pierce glass, still that did not stop the pursuers from trying, producing a frightful display for Peter (who was not sure if arrows could pierce glass) as he fumbled to lock the back gate.  The men began pounding on the glass, but sort of in a half-hearted way - it seemed they were all generally afraid of the physical repurcussions of breaking it with their bare hands, not to mention they were all barefoot.  Many of them realized that the decision to ditch the shoes was more of a play to the genre that it was functional - it had already severely limited their mobilization effort in areas with coarse gravel, hot pavement, or tall weeds with those prickly plants.  They began brainstorming other ways of entering.  \
	While all this fuss was being had at the back gate, Peter was stuffing things into into a large garbage bag - foodstuffs mainly, some matches and flashlights and other useful things that were within his grasp, while shouting \'93PAUL!  PAUL!\'94.  The bag was full and Paul was still in his room.  Green men plastered the windows, pulling and tugging, trying to find an unlocked entrance.  \'93PAUL Paul we have to go!\'94.  Knowing the door would be locked and that  Paul would still be beneath the sheet on his bed, Peter gave a swift, movie-hero kick to the door, and was actually quite surprised when the door burst right of its hinges.  More surprising still was how it barely missed Paul, standing, fully clothed, a bag of nececities in one hand, Id perched on his shoulder.  He looked quite frightened by the crash of the door, but still held an air of self-preservaince - \'93Where are we going?!\'94 he asked in a cool, poised voice.\
	It was really kind of amazing that no one was injured while exiting the house - Peter had opened the garage door and green men had dripped off of it.  Others had clung tight, riding the door all the way up and falling off the now horizontal top edge onto the hood of Peter\'92s car.  There had been lots of screaming from Rebekkah and Fiore as Peter pulled backwards into what looked like a cloud of zombies, unflinching in their pursuit.  But they weren\'92t zombies, they were people, and were quite prepared to move out of the way when a car was about to back into them.  Especially a car full of people in strange matching coats, one (probably thier leader) wearing a creepy wooden mask.  Their costumes were way better, many of them thought.  Who had thought of Indians?  It had initial appeal but lacked dexeterity.  There should be meeting to discuss this.  \
	Many of the green men tried pursuit on foot for a few blocks, but being people and all, they soon got tired and stopped.  \
	A question of increasing importance now surfaced - Where were they going?  Rebekkah and Fiore were still having trouble calming down, yelling alternately in frantic bursts, saying things like \'93Don\'92t go that way!\'94 \'93Not there!\'94 \'93What\'92s that?\'94 \'93Don\'92t do that!\'94  Peter was having enough problems driving in a straight line, let alone in any particular direction.  He stabbed the breaks in the middle of the road and threatened to turn the car around if everyone didn\'92t calm down and approach this like adults.  After a few deep breaths and paranoid, full car scans for clinging green men, order was restored and discussion began.\
	\'93I think we should head into town,\'94 Rebekkah suggested, \'93They\'92re be cops and shelters, probably.\'94  Id meowed nervously from Paul\'92s lap.  How he had become a part of the trip was a mystery to him.  He was not fond of car rides.  He had no clue at all where he was.  \
	\'93That\'92s a bad call, that\'92s where all the violence is happening.\'94 Peter argued.  \'93Plus you heard the news anchors, you can\'92t trust the police force right now either.  We need to go further away from people.  Into the woods - \'94 he said, pointing in thier general direction.  Id curled tighter into Paul lap.  \
	\'93No way!\'94 Paul interjected.  \'93NO ONE is going to help us out there!\'94\
	\'93I know you\'92ve been in your room for most of this, but no one is helping us here either.\'94 Peter argued.  \
	\'93He makes a good point, Paul.\'94  Fiore agreed.  \'93We can generally assume that everyone\'92s gone mad.  It\'92s only logical to go where there are less mad people after us.\'94\
	The car was in a fifty-fifty split.  If Id had been able to vote they would have taken their chances in the city, but alas, he is a cat.  So, because of this, the decision was decided the way most vehicular decisions are - by the driver.  Several yells and attempts at the wheel were made, but quickly subsided to lethargy as no one really knew what either choice held or if one was any safer than the other.  \
	The woods are much creepier than you might imagine.  This had not played a role in the initial decision, and now the passengers shivered slightly at the twilight they had entered in mid day, coupled with the eerie hum forrests were prone to creating.  The road was there, yes, but it did not look as though it was obviously old and fairly unworn, a bad combonation.  	\'93Put some music.\'94  Paul suggested from the back seat.  \'93Fiore, what\'92s he got up there?\'94\
	Peter froze - he had not grabbed any of his cover CDs.  Fiore was wrist deep in a stack of oldies.  \
	\'93Let\'92s see,\'94 Fiore began, \'93Simon and Garfunkel - Bookends.  Frank Sinatra - In The Wee Small Hours.  The Temptations - Greatest Hits . . .\'94  Peter sunk sheepishly into the steering column.\
	\'93Peter, I\'92ve never heard of these people.\'94 Fiore said, bemused.  \
	\'93Are you kidding me?\'94 Paul asked.  \'93These are yours?  What about the death metal crap?\'94  There was no point in trying to explain, the thread had already began to unravel.  He simply offered back a confused shrug, minus words.  \
	\'93I haven\'92t listened to this stuff since we were kids.\'94 Paul said enchantingly.  \'93Here, let me see those Fiore . . .\'94  Paul leafed through the cover inserts of the varied collect.  \
	\'93There\'92s more in the glovebox!\'94 Fiore sang.\
	\'93Wait, we should listen to Simon and Garfunkel first.  Good traveling music.\'94 Paul handed him 
\i Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme.  
\i0 \'93Homeward bound!\'94 Paul called.  \'93I think i still remember the lyircs.  This brings back great memories.  I\'92m glad you brought them!\'94  he was practically glowing.  \
	Indeed, the voices of Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel have a tendancy to warm the places into which they enter, and soon the car felt comfortable, and not at all like they were driving for their lives from nearly a thousand numeral-based cults looking to assasinate thier friend Paul, the false messiah.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 22\
\
	As the car pushed deeper along the road, the path became less and less recognizable to three of the car\'92s occupants.  Rebekkah, however, was stirred awake with a twinge of perception, of familiarly barren intersecting street names - was this . . . they had never come this way if it was.  No, it wasn\'92t.  Wrong direction right?  Yes.\
	She was fooling herself.  But it was too late to raise objection, she had failed to connect the dots before they were half an hour into the journey. \
	Everyone wondered if they had driven far enough to stop and look for a place to stay, probably overnight.  Maybe for days.  They were not sure yet.  Paul had been going through the garbage bags they had put together, assessing the value of the things that had seemed necessary in the heat of the moment.  Paul had been in his room, so there was no food in his bag.  Mainly things like blankets and a flashlight, some clothes, his notebook of course; some money, and a copy of 
\i The Giver 
\i0 by Lois Lowry.  Somehow he had felt he had been packing for a trip of sorts, and you always need something to read in the car, or on the plane.  It had made sense at the time.  Peter had not made the brightest decisions either - he had grabbed lots of food, mainly generic \'93non-perishable\'94 things that he had seen in charity collection bins, knowing they would last a long time.  What he had failed to consider was where he would find 3 tablespoons of butter, 2 tablespoons of milk, and 6 cups of warm water necessary to make the eight boxes of macaroni and cheese that seemed to be the base of their new food pyramid.  Nor had a can opener been brought for the cans of tomato soup and green beans.  Paul was happy to see Paul had grabbed two boxes of bisquick, but it still didn\'92t solve how they were going to make anything edible.  \
	\'93How\'92s the supplies look?\'94 Peter asked, eyeing Paul in the rearview mirror.\
	\'93Uh, it\'92s great, as long as you have another bag with a kitchen in it.\'94\
	\'93Really?  I didn\'92t grab anything useful?\'94 Peter said, hanging his head a little.\
	\'93Well . . . the peanut butter\'92s a good start.  And the ketchup.  But i think that\'92s going to get old real fast.\'94  This was especially true for Fiore, who was allergic to peanuts.\
	\'93Ok, well . . . we should pull off onto the next street we see.  Look at everything we\'92ve got.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m looking at everything we\'92ve got, it took like ten seconds.\'94  Paul lamented.  \'93You guys don\'92t even have clothes.  We\'92re going to get hungry real fast.  And I don\'92t suppose we\'92ve got any water.\'94\
	A depressing atmosphere befell the car, a decreshendo to awkward silence as the car rolled slowly downhill, in a dark, primal forrest with one pointless, rambling turn off for every mile.  \
	It had been about three quarters of a mile when a gravel pathway appeared, curving up and to the right.  Peter slowed the car and pulled into it, cresting the steep hill, to find a towering grey stone building at the end; with a dramatic stone steeple, and a wooden cross perched carefully at the top.\
	\'93Is this a church?\'94 Peter asked, ducking his head to look upward, taking in the whole of the building.  An old wooden sign of stacked, carved logs confirmed their suspicion - in moldy, worn crevices SUNRISE UMC was still cut clearly into them.  \
	\'93Oh shit!\'94 Peter yelled.  \'93This isn\'92t 
\i a
\i0  church, this is 
\i the
\i0  church!  Sunrise, isn\'92t this the - Rebekkah?!  Didn\'92t you know we were getting close?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m sorry!\'94 she cried, \'93I don\'92t know what i was thinking, I was so freaked out back there.  And we always came from the north side so I didn\'92t even make the connection that halfway in the middle would be 
\i here
\i0 , and its not like we wanted to turn back now anyway -\'94\
	\'93Whoa, relax,\'94 Peter said.  \'93I\'92m not that upset.  I guess we just have to drive further.\'94\
	\'93Wait,\'94 Fiore petitioned, \'93Do you think the church is unlocked?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, it\'92s a church.\'94 said Rebekkah.\
	\'93That\'92s a good idea!\'94 Paul said, catching on  \'93I bet they have a kitchen, couches, maybe even beds, right?\'94\
	Rebekkah nodded, \'93Yeah, they even have showers and bathrooms and all that.\'94\
	Peter seemed skeptical.\
	\'93No wait, this is perfect!  Not only are they not here, we know where they are!  They\'92re out killing each other, downtown, where all the people are.  I bet most of them are dead by now too.  Even if they gave up, they would go back to our house, looking for me.  They would never think we came here.  This is really the safest  possible place to stay.  I say, we check it out, and if no one\'92s here, this becomes our base camp.\'94\
	Peter weighed the options, his bat in one hand, a box of macaroni and cheese in the other.  His stomach was already growling.  \
	\'93Ok, but here\'92s the deal.\'94 Peter said. \'93We stay only as long as we have to.  They could come back, we don\'92t have any guruantees, so we\'92re locking everything, not leaving any openings for any more fucking indians.  I\'92m going to go check it out, Paul get in the driver\'92s seat -\'94\
	\'93What?\'94\
	\'93If something happens or I don\'92t come back for a while I want you to learn how to drive and get everyone out of here.\'94\
	\'93Your being crazy.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m being careful!\'94 he said, flexing the bat in his arm.  \'93Ok.  Ten minutes!  Time me.\'94  Peter scurried off up the path, slowly pulling open the large double doors, then flinging them open and bounding in, like a cat or a ninja, or a teenager that had seen too many ninja movies.  \
	Peter had always wanted to be an ninja.  Or a secret agent.  He now fused these two delusional personas as he wandered the dark sanctuary looking for Christians to knock senseless.  First he laid down and searched the pews by row.  Nothing but dark red padding and neat pockets of Bibles and Hymnals.  Next, the pulpit - nothing particuarly interesting here.  A package of bread and children\'92s grape juice.  Peter continued past the choir seats into a narrow, unlit hallway, where only exit signs lit the way.  Still, huddled deep in his own imagination he refused to flick the very accesable switch, and instead crept below window line, peaking in one room at a time.  First there was a series of Sunday school rooms.  Lots of pillows and sleep mats, but no children.  Toys abounded.  Next a section of bathrooms, followed by stairs leading upwards.  Here, Peter found the jackpot - a full kitchen!  Though he was technically on the search for people he stopped to open one of the multiple refridgerators, full to the brim with juice, leftover pot-luck items like chicken and coleslaw, milk, Otter-pops . . . brilliant.  And there were 
\i exactly 
\i0  4 blue pops left!  A miracle.  Peter grabbed them as proof of conquest.\
	Not ten steps away was a semi-circular room full of couches and beanbag chairs.  Ten steps from that was a large room with folding tables and a small stage.  From there there was an office or two, a few more non-descript meetings rooms . . . all empty.  Peter now preformed a perimeter search.  Keeping low in the bushes he krept past where he had entered in a circular path, jumping and rolling over thick greenery.  Behind the church a small children\'92s play area populated and graveled plot of land.  \
	And what was that last spot?  Peter noticed a fenced in area with another wooden sign in front, reading ANN\'92S FLOWER GARDEN.  He peered in over the waist high picket fence - inside the ground was dirt and dead - except for one wilting violet in the center.  \
	Paul relaxed his grip on the wheel when he saw Peter jogging calmly over the top of the gravel hill.  Paul stood up out of the car.  \'93What\'92s the analysis?\'94 Paul asked.  Peter tossed him an Otter-pop.  \'93We\'92re good to go!  Not a single person inside.\'94  He leaned into the vehicle, distributing the rest of the popsicles.  \'93Even better, there\'92s a room right by the kitchen with a bunch of couches and stuff.\'94\
	Rebekkah knew this to be the youth room.  \
	\'93Let\'92s get parked and unload,\'94 Paul suggested, \'93We shouoldn\'92t spend any more time out in the open than we need to.\'94\
	Rebekkah had not been to this particular, quite personally significant location in over a year.  Her head throbbed in surreal recognition, a momentary dreamlike journey that seemed to invade  her time now, merging the two timelines.  Suddenly the door was outlined with greeters.  Children sat in the grass talking, holding crayon drawings of the last supper.  She pictured the congregation in their Sunday best, then the white war paint, the nail and fabric knuckles . . . The timelines forced each other apart, and in an instant the sunny Sunday morning was this deep grey tapestry; an empty parking lot, an empty stomach.  She was homeless, her parents were probably dead.  Was it wrong that walking in the Sanctuary doors felt like returning home again?\
	Paul locked doors as they made their way inward.  The Sanctuary doors did not have a lock, so they had to be barricaded with pews.  The lights remained off through the journey inward, and they were to remain off for the duration of the stay, and so the fell the night inside the church, though it was barely three o\'92clock.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 23\
\
	Churches are actually quite nice without the people inside them.  Sunrise UMC was no exception, in fact it was a perfect example.  There was a quiet hum in the hallways.  A dull warmth coming from kitchen.  Paul was making pancakes.  \
	Fiore sat upside down on a particuarly delapedated couch.  Peter sat poised, watching out the long row of windows.  Rebekkah lay on her back on the couch she used to sit on most often at Bible studies, youth group gatherings, etc.  She remembered many Wednesday nights here, Sunday nights also, many mornings and days over summer, any time her parents could take her.  An informal meeting place, there was always someone there.  She remembered being excited just to help the youth pastor with some minor task.  This was the room into which her stained glass memories were cast, colorful mosaic shadows.  \
	Do all memories have to be explained?  I hope not.  It may not work.  Already it seemed that too much time has passed.  The ideas persisted, they had left stains all over her, but their shapes were formless, she could not remember what had caused them, on what night, in what capacity.  Who had spilt first.  \
	She had thought often of returning at some point, what the feeling would be like.  She thought it would maybe trigger deep residual memories, finally telling her exactly what had happened to make her feel this way.  An answer for her dad, maybe, she would then have.  The love thing, yes that was part of it.  The way the people acted?  That too, a bit.  But a cohesive answer still aluded her.  What she got instead was a very consolidated 
\i feeling
\i0 , like the events had been taken through an emotional trash compactor - the events and details so mushed together that distinguishing them one by one is impossible.  All you could do was hold it in your hand and feel its weight.  It was heavy, as thick and consolidated as it could be.  Maybe that, in itself, was reason enough.\
	I will tell you of one particular memory.  It is plastered in full on the front of the memory block, like a table of contents.  A synopsis, a forward, an introduction.  It goes like this:  Do you know what a mission trip is?  As a student in a church it is not uncommon for the youth to spend a week of summer or spring break in a place that needs god\'92s love in some way.  This was usually a rural area that needed houses built, things painted, children comforted, etc.  You spend a lot of time in church vans.  \
	This particular memory takes place in one such van, somewhere in the middle of Kentucky.  It is dark, relatively late at night, and they are being driven to their bunks after a trip to Wal-Mart.  There had been whispering, the ducking between isles to talk.  Now she sits in the back row of three rows on a quiet, rambling van in which every passanger is asleep except for her and a boy in the front row.  He holds an entire 1lb. drum of sour patch fruit snacks which he had been eating by the handful, and distributing to the other passengers.  Wrappers lie everywhere.  He is looking at her and smiling.  She smiles back but his smile says more than hers, it begs and suggests things she does not feel in return.  In this she feels a rip in the idealic setting, a window into the real world they had left behind upon entering the van - one of unfounded emotions and illogical catastrophes.  See saw that they were both existing simultaiously, not seperate, not ever.  That there was not escape from it.  The two worlds were not fighting - they were waltzing.  \
	She rips off this memory and folds it descreetly into her pocket.  It is one she chooses to keep.  It is too heavy to lug the entire cube around any longer.  Not into the trash with it, but back to a shelf somewhere.  The places remained but the feelings could leave, for now, they had served their purpose.  They were unknowable, indescribable, but by now we should be used to this from Rebekkah.  One more sentiment?  Ok, she has one more.  This is one thing that I do know, she thought.  A church and a church are two very different things.\
	\
	It was as though Paul could sense the inner turmoil his companions were feeling.  He was a natural born observer, after all.\
	Paul comes in with four plates full of pancakes, and four paper cups of grape juice from the kitchen.  He sets them in a neat row on the floor and directs each person to one plate in particular.  There are special shapes tonight.  On each person\'92s plate is their number, represented in pancake form (Fiore has the most to eat, even in scientific notation).  \
	\'93What\'92s this about?\'94 Peter asked, looking at the two slivers on his plate.\
	\'93Tonight, we eat our numbers.  After that, they\'92re gone.  Forever.\'94  Paul pitched his fork and devoured his disillusionment, his pain and his calling in one glorious, syrup-less bite.  \
\'93Here\'92s the past,\'94 he said, chewing vigorously, pointing to his mouth, \'93And my future, and what everyone expects from me and everything I\'92ve done, that Robert feels the need to assess me on.  I\'92m going to swallow it all.\'94  he did.  He took a wild long swig of grape juice.  \'93All that\'92s left is the present.\'94\
	It was a quick, and much appreciated meal.  Everyone sat around on the large, broken-in couches, saying nothing.  There was nothing really left to say.  \
	\
	That, of course, is not true.  There is always more to say.  Too much, really, and things of an unknowable degree that cannot be said, only felt.  For now, the silence was enough.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 24\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 25\
\
	Fiore was woken in the middle of the night by the sound of scampering.  Outside the windows he could distinctly hear it - 
\i russle russle russle
\i0 .  He sat up quietly on the couch he had picked as his, waiting for his eyes to adjust - to his right was Peter, to his left Paul, to his far left Rebekkah.  Everyone was asleep.  \
	He heard it again!  Like a myriad of feet against soft wet soil.  Hesistant in thier steps . . . He pulled himself slowly to eye level with the window, which stood two stories up, facing the playground and garden.  There, forming an informal circle, at least two dozen children stood around, rubbing the arms of their tattered clothes, keeping warm in the unusually brisk and rainy breeze.  Fiore heard the rattling of the double doors below, clanking but not opening.  A woman wearing a bright, canvas-y dress walked into view out from underneath the building, shrugging at the children.  Though she hushed them their whining could be heard.  \'93Cold!\'94 a little boy whimpered pathetically, beginning to cry.  The woman rushed to comfort him but soon too many of them were crying to be held.  \
	Peter jumped awake, hand trained on the bat.  \'93What\'92s that?\'94 he looked at Fiore.  \'93Is someone out there?\'94\
	Yes, a bunch of children.  And a woman.  They look like they want in.  Peter joined Fiore at the window sil.  The children had gathered around the woman, hugging every inch of her.  Finally she stood and addressed them as a crowd, and the children seemed appreciative of what she was saying.  Walking to the outer rim of the garden she found a large stone and lifted it above her head.  Many of the kids raised small fists of cheer as she ran towards the glass double doors at full speed, launching the boulder through them like an olympic shotputer.  \
	\'93She\'92s coming in!\'94 Peter yelped, jumping up and rushing towards the door.\
	\'93They\'92re just children Peter!  Don\'92t him them!\'94  Fiore pleaded.\
	\'93I\'92m just going to keep them away!  Wake up Paul and Rebekkah and tell them what\'92s going on.\'94\
	Peter barreled down the stairs at lightning speed, once again channeling the spirit of an ancient warrior.  He shirked slightly as he came to the hallway the woman had entered - her sillouhette frozen against the smashed glass door, backlit with lightning and rain that had begun to beat the ground outside.\
	\'93What do you want with our church?  Why have you locked us out?\'94 the woman asked.  \
\'93The children are tired!\'94\
	Upstairs Paul and Rebekkah were being brought to speed by the disconjoined ramblings of Fiore, who had already excalated the events far out of proportion.\
	\'93An army of several hundred children,\'94 He stammered, \'93Armed with rocks!  A giant walks with them.  She has broken the first barrier below.\'94  Paul had woken quite easily and was putting his shoes on to join Peter, but Rebekkah seemed a little too burdened by sleep to be understanding things coherrently.  She was holding her hands in the air, \'93Fiore, what?   . . . Wait, who is 
\i where
\i0 ?\'94\
	But as Paul laced his left shoe Peter appeared at the door, behind him wet woman and at least two dozen children, worn from heavy outdoor exposure.  \
	\'93Peter has defected!\'94 Fiore yelled, cringing backwards into the cusions of a puke green sofa.  The children likewise repulsed at the strange mask Fiore was wearing (Even in sleep, he had insisted on wearing it.  It was now more or less a part of him).  \
	\'93Hey guys, these kids go to Sunday school here.\'94 Peter explained, \'93And this is their teacher Marianne.  They\'92ve been here the whole time.  They don\'92t know 
\i anything
\i0  about what\'92 going on.  No TV or nothing.  Ok?\'94 Peter hinted quite heavily with his daunting stare.  \'93They said the congregation here just disapeared one morning.  All their parents and family.  They think they were taken to heaven.  I told them we haven\'92t seen them.\'94\
	Paul and Rebekkah nodded understandingly, Fiore looked confused but was playing along until he figured out what was going on.  \
	\'93Anyway, since all their parents are gone, they\'92ve been staying here in the Sunday school rooms.  They\'92re going to let us stay here, they have no problem with that.  There\'92s plenty of food and space.\'94\
	The children\'92s play quieted down soon enough, which was good, because no one was really at their best for introductions.  Peter promised that in the morning they would discuss everything, and give a little more information to the frantic Marianne, who had feared she was the last adult left.  The Sunday school rooms were downstairs, and the children politely said good night and filed down the stairs, leaving the room with couches quiet once again.  Sleep was immediate and deep for all four.  \
	In the moring Paul was first up.  He crept quietly from the room where his companions slept, quite soundly after a night of dubious invasion.  What he remembered of it still felt like a dream, and he may not of been convinced it happened if he had not walked into the kitchen to see a young boy seated on a stool in front of the open refridgerator.  \
	\'93It was you who took \'91em, wasn\'92t it?\'94 he stated matter-of-factly.\
	\'93Oh . . . hello . . .\'94 Paul responded \'93Took what?\'94\
	\'93There was only four blue ones left, you know.\'94 he said, eyeing Paul pensively.  \'93We were saving them.\'94\
	Paul recalled the Otterpops of yesterday.  \'93Oh, those were yours huh?  We\'92re sorry, we didn\'92t know anyone else was staying here.\'94\
	\'93S\'92posed to ask.\'94 he replied, seemingly over it.  \'93Well I\'92m Fredrick.\'94\
	\'93Nice to meet you Fredrick, I\'92m Paul.  Can I make it up to you by making you some pancakes?\'94\
	Fredrick\'92s eyes lit.  \'93Sure would be nice,\'94 he said, \'93cept we don\'92t have the \'91grediants, I already asked.\'94\
	\'93Well, me and my friends brought what we\'92d need.  I\'92m going to make some right now.  Do you want some?\'94\
	\'93Do I ever.\'94 Fredrick said happily as plopped off the stool and scurried around the corner of the kitchen.  He returned with two plates.\
	\'93Oh, good.  Are there more?  Will you bring one for everyone, if there\'92s enough?\'94 Paul asked.  \
	\'93Oh, there\'92s plenty, we \'91ave to wash \'91em all the time.\'94 he returned hugging at least ten plates, the top five teetering dangerously as he began to climb a chair near the counter.  Paul stopped him before things became fatal, setting them out one by one, allowing Fredrick counter space to watch as Paul stirred the batter and heated the pan.\
	\'93So you guys weren\'92t taken by Robert neither.\'94 Fredrick said, sticking his finger into the bowl of batter.\
	\'93Oh?  No, I guess not.  Yeah, that doesn\'92t taste very good does it?\'94\
	Fredrick was making a face.  \'93That what they\'92re going to taste like?\'94\
	\'93No,\'94 Paul laughed, \'93They\'92ll taste better once we bake them.\'94  Fredrick seemed skeptical.\
	More sounds of footsteps came from the hallway, and there appeared Marianne.  Paul introduced himself and explained that he was making pancakes for everyone, as pennance for unwittingly eating all the blue Otterpops.  \
	\'93You don\'92t have to do that,\'94 Marianne insisted.  \
	\'93No really, it\'92s fine.  I\'92m making them anyway, and it\'92s easy to make more.\'94 he demonstrated this by showing her an already full plate, made while the conversation was taking place.  Paul handed it to Fredrick, who radiated as he unleashed Mrs. Butterworth head first to the pancakes below.\
	\'93Oh, well thank you.\'94 she said, reciprocating Fredrick\'92s glee, giggling as he hurried to catch the pancake boats floating in the river of syrup. \'93I guess we are all in this together.  Fredrick say thank you.\'94\
	\'93Anks.\'94\
	Marianne looked a little forlorn as she watched Fredrick munch away.  \'93So what\'92s it like where you came from?\'94 she asked Paul.  \'93Everyone gone, just like here?\'94\
	Paul had not thought about exactly how he would address this topic.  There was certainly nothing he could do with Fredrick around.  \'93Yeah, that\'92s pretty much it.\'94 he said.  \'93We\'92ve been looking for other people.\'94\
	\'93Finished!\'94 Fredrick called.  He moved his arms out of the way, looking up expectantly.  Paul plopped another one onto his plate.  Marianne sighed despondantly, tapping her fingers on the counter.\
	\'93Is something wrong?\'94 Paul asked.\
	\'93I\'92m just curious,\'94 she said in a low voice, watching Fredrick out of the corner of her eye, \'93Why you had locked all the doors . . .\'94  There was a look of honest concern in her eyes.  Paul was not awake enough yet to formulate an addendum to his already shaky lie.\
	\'93Listen, \'94 Marianne continued, \'93I don\'92t want to know.  Just tell me, are the children safe here?\'94  Her lip quivered slightly.\
	\'93 . . . yes.  Everyone\'92s safe here.  Plus Peter, I mean, you saw the way he reacted last night.  He\'92s not going to let anything in.\'94\
	Marianne gulped.  Any
\i thing
\i0 .\
	\
	Back in the room with couches where the quartet had slept, children were mingling about quietly, inspecting their new, sleeping companions.  Rebekkah was stirred first, when a young girl put her fingers in her open mouth.  The girl repeled as Rebekkah chocked her way to alertness.  She took in the young girl, a look of disgust on her tiny face.\
	\'93Well you didn\'92t have to do 
\i that
\i0 ,\'94 she said, shaking the slober from her hand.  \
	Soon Rebekkah, Fiore, and Peter entered the kitchen about eleven children in tow.  The scent of Paul\'92s cooking set the room alive, and soon everyone under the age of eleven had formed up neatly at the counter, fork in hand, ready to reveive the best meal they\'92d had since their parents had disapeared.  Noisily the children chattered in awe as Paul served up a continuous stream of food, shaped to order, with some of the strangest requests he had ever had.  \'93A wildebeest?  I\'92m not even sure what that\'92s shaped like.\'94\
	Peter recognized the boy sitting at the counter with Paul.  \'93Hey!\'94 he said, smiling, \'93You\'92re the . . . I think i\'92ve seen you somewhere before.  In line at Goodwill.\'94  The boy looked confused.  \
	Nervously Peter Rebekkah and Fiore found places to belly up to the table as well.  The kids were more than willing to accomidate them, and chew their ears merrily about stories of wandering in the woods and living in the church for the psat week.  Rebekkah found herself next to Sasha, the girl who had woken her with her oral examination.\
	\'93You know,\'94 she was saying, \'93Since Robert came and took everyone it\'92s been very quiet but also very nice.\'94\
	Rebekkah was sympathetic the new circumstances of the children.  \'93Do you miss your parents?\'94 Rebekkah asked.  \
	\'93Well yes,\'94 Sasha explained.  \'93But they are with God now.  He\'92s very nice to them.\'94 She emphasized this with an extended index finger.  \'93Ms. Marianne told us about it.\'94 she continued, excited to enlighten Rebekkah on a subject she may not have heard of.  \'93That there\'92s lots of things we don\'92t know about, but we believe in anyway.  Like, we don\'92t konw why eveyone disapeared.  But God said that if you\'92re good an all that, you go to heaven.  My mom and dad, they were very good people.  I\'92m not bad myself, i think.  So i think we\'92re gonna end up together, just not yet.  We gotta wait.\'94 she poked the soggy pile of pancakes on her plate with her fork.  \'93Did your parents disappear too?\'94\
	\'93Yeah,\'94 said Rebekkah reflexively, \'93But they were good people like yours.  We\'92re going to be together soon too.\'94\
	Fiore was attempting an equally existential conversation with Karen, an energetic girl seated to his right.\
	\'93What\'92s this mask all about?\'94 she asked, poking Fiore through his eye hole.  \
	\'93This?  Well, this is a long story.  It is, more or less, a sign of my skills as a prophet.\'94  The talk at Paul\'92s house had gone straight to his head.\
	\'93Sounds STUPID.\'94 Karen commented, returning attention to the girafee on her plate.  \'93If i were a prophet, I\'92d wear a cooler mask than that.  It would be,\'94 Karen stood on here stool to show proper size, \'93THIS big, and it would have animals painted on it, all over.  There wouldn\'92t be eye holes cause I could just see through it cause I\'92m a prophet.\'94  she smiled provokingly at Fiore.  \'93Bet you couldn\'92t do that, huh?\'94\
	\'93Bet I could!\'94 Fiore yelled, rising to the challenge, pulling the mask down further to cover his eyes completely.  He then grabbed his fork and began stabbing his mouth area with it, further covering the already dirty opening with syrup.\
	\'93Fiore!  Knock it off.\'94 Peter insisted.  \'93She\'92s just egging you on.\'94  Peter had been seated next to a quiet boy named Michael - and that was about all of the information he had offered.  \
	\'93So, you like it here?\'94\
	Michael nodded discreetly at his plate.\
	\'93I saw your Sunday school room.  Pretty cool.\'94\
	Another nod.  \
	\'93Uh, so, what are you learning about in Sunday School?\'94\
	This one could not be answered with a simple nod.  \'93We\'92re learin about Job.\'94\
	\'93Oh yeah?  I don\'92t think I know about that one.  What\'92s it about?\'94 Michael cleared his throat.\
	\'93Job\'92s this guy who has a bunch of bad things happen to him for no reason.  He\'92s a really good guy.  But all of a sudden all his sheep catch on fire.\'94\
	\'93O-oh.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, an his house collapses.  A bunch of his kids die.  It\'92s not fair really, he didn\'92t do nothing.  And everybody\'92s tellin him, \'91you must have done something, just admit it\'92 but he doesn\'92t.  Cause he knows he\'92s a good person.  Sometimes stuff like that just happens to people.\'94 he stroked his pancakes with his fork.  \'93Like your parents disapearing or something.  It\'92s not your fault, nothin you did, jus happens sometimes.  Like Ms. Marianne says, \'91God works in mysterious ways.\'92  Don\'92t mean he don\'92t know what he\'92s doin.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, \'94 Peter agreed, sighing. \'93I guess i could see that.\'94\
	Fredrick had become in charge of distributing plates and taking orders.  As Paul finished he would recite a new order to him.  \'93Alex want a puppy.  Can you do that?  Not so big this time, e thinks this\'92ll be his last one.\'94  He was surprisingly efficient.  And in only a few minutes everyone was sufficiently satisfied with their meal, and thanked Paul generously.  Never before had he felt such resounding gratitude for the food.  \
	One after another the children filed out the door and down the stairs.\
	\'93This is usually reccess time.\'94 she explained.  \'93I try and keep a consistent schedule for them.  You\'92d you guys care to join us?\'94  Indeed, it was not like they had anything else to do.  So the four sat on a bench, next to Marianne, at the old play area they had observed from the window the night before.  It was not long, however, until they were dragged into the droves of games and scenarios being acted out at the whim of the children.  The play was frantic at first.  Fredrick had declared that everyone was going to Sand Diego to see the monkeys.  He jumped behind the plastic steering wheel and hollered frantically that Peter better get his feet off the gravel or he was going to fall off the boat.  Together the group rode bravely past the polar sharks, through Canada, and into sevaral dark caves, in which Fredrick informed many of the passsangers they had been eaten.  \
	Rebekkah did not last long, and was soon sitting on a bench with Rachel, another passenger deemed weak by Fredrick.  She held a small collection of plant life in her hands.\
	\'93Watcha got there?\'94 Rebekkah asked.  \
	\'93Bunch of them spinners.\'94  she held them out to Rebekkah, demonstrated them to her.  \'93See those trees?\'94 she asked, pointing to a large group of tall, old trees, \'93These things fall off of them, and spin while they\'92re falling, like this -\'94 she threw one out in front of her.  The wing-shapped seedling caught the downward breeze, and spun wildly in its descent.  \'93It\'92s fun to watch.\'94\
	\'93I agree!\'94 Rebekkah concured, \'93I used to play with these all the time when I went to church here.\'94\
	\'93You go to church here to?\'94\
	\'93Well, I used to,\'94 she tried to explain.\
	\'93Not anymore though?  How come?\'94\
	\'93Well, I\'92m not really sure.\'94\
	\'93Is it \'91cause you don\'92t believe in God no more?  That\'92s what my brother did.  He said it\'92s stupid to believe in God \'91cause there idn\'92t any proof or nothin.  Is that what you think too?\'94\
	\'93No, it\'92s not like that.\'94 Rebekkah laughed.  \'93Though I do know \'94\
	\'93He\'92s got a point though, if you think about.\'94 Rachel said, digging complacently into the dirt with her fingers. \'93I ain\'92t never seen \'91em or nothing.  Could be he\'92s right, you know.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t think so.\'94 Rachel objected.  \'93I think there\'92s proof of God all around.\'94 She held out a spinner in her hand.  \'93Like these spinners, right?  Doesn\'92t make sense to me that they would do that for no reason.  It seems to me like someone is trying to makes us laugh.  That there\'92s a lot of hard things we have to put up with, and this is just something to make us smile when it gets really hard to.\'94\
	This made Rachel smile.\
	\'93I thought i recognized you from somewhere!\'94  Marianne said, approaching from the left.  \'93You\'92re Walt and Martha\'92s girl, aren\'92t you!\'94\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Rebekkah admited shamefully.\
	\'93I think it\'92s great you know so much.  All the kids are lucky to have someone like you to look up to.  I\'92m glad you guys showed up.\'94\
	It was Rebekkah\'92s turn to smile.\
\
	\'93I thought i recognized you from somewhere!\'94  Marianne said, approaching from the left.  \'93You\'92re Walt and Martha\'92s girl, aren\'92t you!\'94\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Rebekkah admited shamefully.\
	\'93I think it\'92s great you know so much.  All the kids are lucky to have someone like you to look up to.  I\'92m glad you guys showed up.\'94\
	It was Rebekkah\'92s turn to smile.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	By this time Peter and Paul had both been deemed incapable of remaining afloat, and had retired to the edge of a sandbox.  Fiore hung on strong, primarily because he refused to leave.\
	Peter coaxed some words out of his mouth, in an attempt to tell Paul something.  Something important!  He tried to jar himself into action with thoughts of how increasingly urgent this news was.  Still, they took no form.  \
	\'93Paul, i love the oldies.\'94  he blurted out.  \
	\'93Yeah, i saw that.  That\'92s ok.\'94
\i \
	
\i0 \'93K.\'94\
	If you are male, you know that this conversation has just spoken volumes.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 26\
\
	The noise of the children playing became less so.  The merry go round stopped, swings allowed inertia to stop the slowly.  Peter had not been watching, or expecting; he was caught off guard when seven men crested the hill of the church grounds, pattering softly on the grounds.  The man in front wore a brown fedora, though it was now splattered with white paint and dried blood.\
	Ms.  Marianne stood first, relieved at the sight.  \'93Pastor McGregor!\'94 she sang.  \'93You weren\'92t taken after all!  Thank god!\'94\
	Pastor McGregor smiled a crooked grin, a great milky depth in his eyes.  \'93Taken?  Ms. Marianne what do you mean?\'94\
	Paul had advanced forward, Peter close behind, while Rebekkah and Fiore held the confused children back.\
	\'93Paul!\'94 Pastor McGregor carroled, \'93Sheppard to my flock.  I\'92m so glad you\'92ve found our home!  Your home I should say.\'94\
	\'93We came here to get away from YOU!\'94 Peter shouted.\
	Ms. Marianne was picking up the strangest feeling from Pastor McGregor.  What did he mean about Paul?  \'93What do you mean his church?\'94 Marianne asked.  \'93Is . . . where did you come from just now?\'94 The six men accompanying the Pastor had the same lost expression in thier eyes, in their fists, still white-knuckled, the clenched gobs of wet fabric, with what looked like nails protruding from them.  \'93Did . . . God, uh . . .\'94\
	Pastor McGregor laughed.  \'93Marianne, you\'92ve always been so simple minded.  You\'92ve been here with the children the whole time, haven\'92t you?\'94  The remaining followers chuckled along with him.  \'93You\'92ve missed the battle, but you\'92re still in time for the rewards.  And look at this, in the presence of Christ the whole time, completely unaware!\'94  Pastor McGregor was extending a hand towards Paul, and Marianne turned to take him in - the timid pancake maker.   	\'93For the last time, i am not your God.\'94 Paul announced, quivering, but fortified nonetheless.\
	\'93Yes, he has walked in your mist, and you\'92ve missed in entirely!\'94 Pastor McGregor approached the group closer.  \'93He will deny it but the proof\'92s all there, the humble boy who is our path to heaven.\'94\
	Marianne glanced back between the two.  \'93What proof?\'94 she asked.\
	\'93Marianne, you don\'92t NEED proof.  We have faith.  I am telling you, Paul is the Messiah.  The second coming.  He has returned to - \'94\
	\'93This is BULLSHIT.\'94 Peter exploded.  \'93It doesn\'92t matter how many times you say it or how many people you tell.  It doesn\'92t matter what kind of logic you have to prove it, It doesn\'92t change the fact that Paul is just another guy, same as everyone else.\'94\
	\'93Paul, is this the Judas that\'92s been whispering lies in your ear?\'94 Pastor McGregor asked.  \'93Or is this the devil, leading you into the desert to tempt you?  Is he the one who has convinced you you\'92re powerless?\'94\
	\'93No!\'94 Paul yelled.  \'93It\'92s common fact!  I have no special power!  I don\'92t even have regular power.  I\'92m a pitiful example of a human being, let alone a god.\'94\
	\'93Stop it Paul.\'94 Pastor McGregor interrupted. There was a tiny wet streak coming from his inteseley focused eyes.  But it could have been paint, or blood.  \'93We are good, deserving people.  But we have . . . nothing works out for us.  I preach and no one listens.  I open my arms to the poor, and they do not seek shelter.  I plant flowers, and they do not grow.\'94  He gazed off in the direction of Ann\'92s Flower Garden.  \'93It is time for a miracle.\'94 he said to Paul.  \
	\'93A miracle?\'94 Paul asked angrily.  \'93Is that what you\'92re after?  Is that what your in the streets spilling blood for?  Is that why you\'92ve painted my name all over your flags?  So your FLOWERS will grow?!\'94 Paul raised his hands as if summoning an ancient power.  \'93Ok fine, here\'92s a miracle!  You ready?!  I channel all my power into that pathetic little garden of yours.  With all the power god as undoubtedly bestowed upon me, I will your garden to grow.\'94\
	The ground shook.  The breeze swelled - Fiore felt it first.  Then Peter, then Rebekkah.  Everyone did.  They tasted it on the air and felt it in their arms, as if they were being tugged in all directions by tiny arms.  And when they looked towards the flower garden, rising magnificently over the fence and surrounding area, was a violet as tall as a person.  It stretched brilliantly in the sun, open armed like it was recieving a great gift.  \
	The followers bowed in awe, Mr. McGregor stood, hat to his heart, as the violet, I swear, looked him straight in the eye.  The streaks were definitely not paint or blood - Mr. McGregor held out his arm as if expecting the flower to run into his arms one, last time.\
	But as the stretch reached its climax the flower shook, it hung it\'92s head as if weary from the effort. The massive stem cracked and turned to a hardened black state, curled on the ground, becoming one again with the soil.  \
	\'93Bring her back!\'94 Mr.McGregor shouted. \
	\'93I can\'92t, I didn\'92t, really, I don\'92t know how or why . . .\'94 he stammered.\
	\'93BELIEVE IN YOUR POWER PAUL!  BRING HER BACK!\'94 Mr. McGregor\'92s voice became hazaardously loud, scaring the children, who already knew not what to think.  \
	\'93STOP IT!\'94 Peter yelled, matching Mr. McGregor\'92s challenge.  \'93Paul doesn\'92t know anymore than you do!\'94\
	\'93STOP HOLDING HIM BACK!\'94 Mr. McGregor screamed, shaking with anxiety, fuddling with a small satch at his hip, producing a long dagger already caked with red.  He held it before him with two hands, a maddeningly distracted grimace scarring his face. \
	\'93WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?!\'94 Peter screamed, stepping forward defensively.  But in this motion Mr. McGregor took an empirical leap forward, landing the blade directly at the side of Peter\'92s head; pushing the blade down with enough force to sever his left ear and make a sticky divet in his shoulder.   Peter silently grasped the wound with his right hand, locking eyes with his agressor - just as Simon McGregor twisted the blade, tracing it upward the the adjacent jawline, spilling forth a rain of life onto his face, forever hiding the streaks of tears.  \
	Peter was lying on the ground bent like half a pretzel.  The grass looked like Christmas.  Paul was being restrained by the some of the guards, but you can\'92t hold a scream.  Not from anybody.  Tears, also, are very difficult to keep from forming.  And as much as Pastor McGregor insisted that this was a time for rejoicing, everyone else seemed to have trouble believing him. The children twisted and cried.  The color was drained from Peter and he had stopped moving.  The prophecy complete, thought Mr. McGregor.  He looked at the garden.  \
	\'93Make her appear again.\'94  Mr. McGregor commanded.  Paul was still screaming, eyes closed, shaking his head as if the motion would cease the dream he was having.  \'93Paul, do you hear me?\'94 Mr. McGregor repeated calmly.  \'93I want to see her again.  Focus on the garden.\'94  Paul would still not listen.  Mr.McGregor grabbed him by the face.  \'93PAUL!  FOCUS ON THE GARDEN!\'94\
	Paul opened his eyes wide, looking straight into the insides of him.  All the seeds in the little garden, in their little dirt beds, burst open, twisting in a decadent spiral upward and then outward, over the fence, to Mr. McGregor and his followers, locking them in an embrace, dancing around them in a sad pirroutte, and closing in completely, tight sufocating silence.  The plants did not release.  The held there, that way, forever.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 27\
\
	Robert has called everyone together again.  He frowns down sadly at the despairingly small crowd in front of him.  \
	\'93YOU REALLY GOT CARRIED AWAY THIS TIME.\'94  There is little humor left in his voice now.  \'93BUT I SUPPOSE THAT IS TO BE EXPECTED.\'94  \
	Robert had not re-crushed the mall, as it had not been rebuilt this time.  In fact, the other half of the mall lie flat as well.\
	\'93I HAVE A TEST FOR YOU ALL TODAY.  IT IS THE LAST ONE FOR A WHILE.\'94\
	Paul, Rebekkah, and Fiore all sat in a row again.  They were wearing their nice clothes, in preparation for the funeral, and now they were all sweaty from walking.  \
	Each test was a series of questions again, this time ten of them.  It was an understatement that no one was really in the mood for another one of these.  Still Paul started his, hoping it to be over soon.\
	1.  Why did you wake up this morning?\
	It seemed very similar to the previous test.  \
	
\i Because i had things to do today.  \
	
\i0 2.  Do these \'93things\'94 involve Peter?	\
	
\i Yes.  Today is his funeral.\
	
\i0 Paul could not believe the scathing direction his test already took.  \
	3.  Is it true that because Peter is dead, you are not obligated by him to go?\
	
\i Yes, i guess he is not requiring me to go.\
	
\i0 4.  Then can it be said that you got out of bed this morning not because you had to, but because you wanted to?\
	
\i Yes, i guess that\'92s true.  But that doesn\'92t really prove anything.  Nobody is making me do anything.
\i0 \
	5.  So if you wanted to sleep through the funeral, you would?\
	
\i Yes.\
	
\i0 6.  But you don\'92t?\
	
\i No.\
	
\i0 7.  If you had to choose, would you rather be forced to go to participate in events this, or have the choice to do so?\
	
\i I would rather be able to choose.\
	
\i0 8.  Is this something you would consider important to life?\
	
\i Absolutely.\
	
\i0 9.  Is this the life you\'92ve been given?\
	
\i Yes.\
	
\i0 10.  When it comes down to it, how many people decide your fate?\
	
\i 1.
\i0 \
	Paul looked up.  Did everyone else\'92s test do this?\
	Rebekkah had trouble at first too.  \
1.  Are you a princess?\
	Cruel, heartless test.\
	
\i No.  And i never will be.  
\i0 She was wiping a tear futily with her arm.
\i \

\i0 2.  Is this because you have done something unforgivably un-princess like?\
	
\i Yes.  And I have denounced my faith, which I am told is unfogivable.\

\i0 3.  So you no longer believe that there is a God, watching, protecting, and guiding human life?\
	
\i No, i still believe that.\

\i0 4.  Then it might be better to say you have denounced your religion, not your faith?\
	
\i Yes, that is more accurate i guess.\

\i0 5.  What specific parts of your religion has been abandoned, and how has it affected your view of God?\
	
\i I don\'92t think it\'92s really affected my view on God.  I just don\'92t go to church anymore.  I don\'92t hang out with Christians.\

\i0 6.  And these Christians are presumably ones that do not practice their religion in a way that you see correct?\
	
\i Yes.\

\i0 7.  And you stopped participating in this system a year and a half ago, on December 14th?\
	
\i Yeah, that sounds right.\

\i0 8.  And since then you have fought your own way, to define your own beliefs, and to chase what you know to be true?\
	
\i Yes.\

\i0 9.  And this contracts the definition of a princess?\
	
\i Yes, but screw it.
\i0 \
10.  Rebekkah, you are no longer a princess.  But how many days have you been free?\
	Rebekkah did some basic math in her head, but soon the answer was obvious.\
	
\i 541.\
	
\i0 What goes on inside Fiore\'92s head has always been a mystery.  But that is not to say that there is nothing going on up there.  Quite a a lot, actually, if you were to really get inside and poke around.  Fiore\'92s test would not make much sense to you.  I will tell you that the answer to the last question was 90,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.  And when he wrote in the final answer, he placed either hand on the sides of his mask, and lifted it right off.  The sun was very bright, and he lavished in the new peripheral vision he was now enjoying.  \
	Everyone got up from their desks about the same time, smiling politely to themselves.  Were they all like this?  No one knew, and no one said.  The people left, taking the test, were not the competitive types anyway.  Nor were they likely to brag or need attention to make themselves feel just that much better.  No, those left were smiling now.  It was about time.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 * * * * * \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	It was sunny and green at Peter\'92s funeral.  It was a small but modest crowd in attendance.  Paul looked around, noticing several people who he has meet at some point or another.  Some of their nieghboors, even a few kids from school.  Paul\'92s parents were nowhere to be seen.  He hoped they were experiencing their own funeral somewhere, with zero attendance.  It would not surprise him.  They were always looking for something to fight against.  \
	Peter was being buried in the center of a park which was recently commissioned to be a cementary, now that there were many more bodies to be buried then there were children to play in it.  Peter was the first - he was smack dab in the center, and for now, was surrounded by a sea of vibrant grass that lay still like the surface of a pond, stretching far out of sight in both directions.  Trees clamoured up around the edges from the deep blue sky, and in this center the entire world seemed at rest, though past the trees and below the skies there were leagues of cleanup crews srubbing red from the streets, collecting remains in the most undignified of containers.  Peter had not been like this, his body was very much in tact.  He even permuded the illusion of peace as he lay still in the cherrywood coffin.  \
	It was time for the eulogy.  There had been some discussion of who would do this, but it did not take long.  Rebekkah had volunteered to do the honor.  Paul seceeded, she seemed quite driven to do so.  Slowly she approached the little wooden pulpit, fragile and without microphone, and looked out at the audience.  Many of them had not known her as part of Peter\'92s life.\
	\'93Peter was a good friend of mine.\'94 Rebekkah started.  \'93I only met him a few weeks ago, but in this short time I learned an unfathomable amount about him.  \
	It is true that Peter was not always graceful with words.  There were numerous times in our limited encounters where he said some of the rudest things imaginable, at the worst possible times.  But underlying it all was some of them most sincere, honest concern I\'92ve ever seen.  He went out of his way to prove that he was really something when it was visible to us the entire time.\
	Peter was, to say the least, not what we were expecting.  I believe that to be his primary struggle in life, the thing that made us misunderstand him so much.  The awkward, heavy hand that guided his actions always seemed to be making up for something he couldn\'92t explain, that we presuably will never know.  He has treated many of us with rough hands,\'94\
	Rebekkah paused as she saw a girl in the crowd who appeared to be tearing up a little,\
\'93but there is no doubt in my mind that every stupid thing he\'92s ever done was with the purest intentions.  Peter was too strong to protect himself, so he protected others.  And that\'92s exactly how it ended too, with him stepping in front of us to save our lives with his own.  It may have looked like the tough guy in him, trying to show off, but in the end it was the honest, gentle, loving side that usurped all of it.  Paul was a wonderful man.  A loving man.  He wouldn\'92t be gone if that wasn\'92t true.  And we wouldn\'92t be here if he hadn\'92t given us plenty of reason to be.  So if Peter has ever done anything to offend you, if there is anything he neglected to appologize for, I hope you will take this in exchange.  Underneath the armor there was always just a little boy that wanted to make things right.  I hope we can all agree, finally, that he has.\'94\
	The crowded nodded stoicly in agreement.  It was better than anything they could have said.  Paul was glad she had asked to do it.  Sometimes, it seemed, it took an entirely different perspective to see things in three dimensions, the way they really are.  \
	Paul inhaled deeply, in a way that was to keep him from becoming too emotional, but in another way meant \'93Well, that\'92s that.\'94  To this, the grass sighed.  Slowly the casket was lowered into the grave, as a man behind the tombstone played a bagpipe they had not asked for.  Paul supposed it seemed fittingly sad, and what-not.  He knew if Peter were watching this he would be laughing.  Bagpipes?  Ridiculously cheesy.  That\'92s why Paul had commissioned the epitaph, after finding the gorges of CDs stuck in various crevices of Peter\'92s car.  Plain as day, the tombstone read:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \'93Still its a real good bet, the best is yet to come.\'94
\i0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Now that would make Peter laugh.  He would appreciate that.  \
	The crowd looked uniformly solemn as the casket lowered - there was not crying, not outwardly, but there was sadness.  The bagpipe trailed off anti-climatically as well, as the bag-piper walked away, and Paul found it quite fitting - it seems so often that life is a song with one less verse than what we were expecting.  \
	There was another monument, to the part of Peter left at Sunrise United Methodist Church.  In the flower garden, from which the seeds had frozen in giant twisted vines, stood a t-shaped scarecrow pole, wrapped around which was Peter\'92s number jacket, with a glowing chalk-white 11.  Peter\'92s test was not distributed, so no, I\'92m sorry, we\'92ll never know.  Neither was Pastor McGregor\'92s, but that shouldn\'92t be too hard to figure out.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
	\
Chapter 28\
\
	Paul, Rebekkah, and Fiore have gone to the garden now.  They\'92ve changed back into summer clothes, finished with mourning.  Peter would not have approved of them wandering around in suits and black all day, pushing their sadness onto others, so it seemed they had all pulled the exact opposite by adopting the brightest possible clothing in their wardrobes.  It had at first felt all wrong, like a bad joke, until they arrived at the garden.  But there, sprouting up in all directions was dramatic greenery of all kind, grasping fingers reaching upward.  \
	\'93Heavens!\'94 Fiore cheered!  \'93Look at you all!  Practically adults!\'94  It was true, in the short two weeks since they had been planted many of them looked ready to harvest.  The dirt was fading into green with the rest of the surrounding area, punctuated by polite little shrubs and bushels.  They descended on the garden to try to make sense of  what was what.  \
	\'93Jeez, there are seriously carrots everywhere!\'94 Rebekkah laughed, pulling handfuls of them from the dirt.  \'93They\'92re HUGE!\'94  She held one to her face for comparison, it being nearly the same length.  \
	\'93Well, I guess we don\'92t need to water them then.\'94 Paul said.\
	\'93No, we can\'92t stop now!\'94 Rebekkah objected.  \'93They still need water, they could still shrivel and die if we just ignore them.  Think, if they\'92re this is how big they are after two weeks, how big are they going to be by the end of summer?!\'94\
	Fiore briefly entertained the idea of a carrot large enough to make into a bench for the garden.  He figured a rabbit would eat it, so he dismissed it immediately.  \
	Paul pulled out the hose and turned the knob, angling it so it produced a rain like torrent on the garden and Fiore and Rebekkah.  They scattered hostily, but secretly pleased by the cool shower on the otherwise scorchingly hot day.  Tossing the hose back and forth, they made streaks of water in the air, spelling out letters, shapes, or delving into abtsract cubism for the sake of temporary air-water art.  It was short-lived but worthwhile.  After the watering had been deemed sufficient (and they had replanted the things they had pulled, because they weren\'92t supposed to do that) everyone retired to the grassy lawn in front of the garden and surrounding the school.  There the three lay in a row, arms out stretched, like three criminals being crucified parallel to the earth.  Paul lie in the middle, eyes pointed straight up at the sky, Rebekkah to his right.  His outstretched fingers made contact with hers slightly, setting off a tingle, static electric spark and a smile on the faces therein connected.  \
	Paul turned his head towards Rebekkah, eyes adjusting from bright sky.  \'93I\'92m glad I got to spend the summer with you.\'94 Paul said smiling.  Rebekkah turned her head to face him.  \
	\'93It\'92s not over yet.\'94  True, in the face of overwhelming death and decay, things were just beginning.  You might think this was inappropriate time for this advance, on the day of his brothers funeral, but Paul thought it was the perfect way to honor him.  They were now holding hands, completely, and Paul could feel the blessings that have flowed into and through him.  Fiore sang a quiet tune to himself, kind of the way he always had, his new face finally picking up sun, so long stowed beneath the wooden mask.  The breeze felt fresh and clean, like God\'92s fingers he thought, brushing off all that old dirt, cleansing it again.\
	It is hard to picture growth before it happens, I think.  From a seed there is no way to tell what the sappling will be shaped like, whether it will grow tall and into a tree, or whether it will die quickly out of a lack of water and sunlight.  Even now, as the garden thrives full of wonderful, strange things, there is no garuantee of safety, no promise of tomorrow, not even a vague conception of the future.  Truly, the plants move from where the seed started upward, but all they know is the moment, all they can see, when they look around, is the exact second in which they reside.  Paul has been thinking about this a lot, with new-found epiphany and understanding.  That night, he writes this in his notebook.  \
	\
	
\i I think my garden is exploding with life now.  It has diversified and spread seeds all over the place.  I feel much better now, for some reason.  I thought this would be too much for me, that all the work of maintaining them would just kill me, or I them, either way it would be bad.  But it actually feels quite natural; like this, so full of movement and suspense, is how its supposed to be.  \
	There is a little bad, though.  One of my favorite plants has died.  It is gone forever, for now, but I don\'92t want to think of it like that.  He\'92s just given me more room, because he wants me to sow and grow and be happy that way.  So I am tilling the soil, turning it over so i can plant again.  I don\'92t know what the plants will look like as they mature, what they will grow in to, what their eventual resting place will be . . . but that i think is part of it.  All i know is that they will grow and be more beautiful with each stem and branch, producing the oxygen i need to respirate.  That not knowing - it is ok with me.  It is good sometimes not to know everything.  It is better than pretending that you do.  It is ok that I grow alongside my garden, a mystery with it.  Because the more i think about it, the more i realize the world is not my garden - what a selfish way to think. That somehow everyone around me is growing in some confined space that i am the sole gardener of.  Do you know what i think? I think that there is no garden, that regardless of what fences and barriers we create, we are all sharing the same soil underneath, our roots intermingling and winding around eachother.  Living together, not separate, not ever.\
\
	
\i0 Paul smiled.  It is better this way, I think.
\i \
 
\i0 	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Epilogue - Id:  The Poetry of Life as One\
\
	Poor Id.  It has been such a big summer for him.  First there was the giant screaming man how collapsed on the mall.  Then, all the new people at the house.  Then, all the yelling in the streets, the car ride into the woods, and the nw house they only stayed at for a day before finally coming back home to a quiet, normal house.  He simply does not enjoy this.  Now he sleeps, fur stretched like a giant rug across Paul\'92s bed.  \
	But he has woken up, and he is pushes his way through the hole into Peter\'92s room.  He pushes his head through the hole in the screen, and he falling down through bushes, outside again.  \
	Today the world feels a little safer, a little more whole.  Like a scab over a wound Id can feel it mending, pulling and intertwining to once again appear new and unscathed.  That is the hope, at least.  \
	It is true that Id is blind, but he can 
\i feel
\i0 .  Perhaps this is what is going through his mind as lights flash off and on, connections clicking together and pulling apart again, leaving only second long synapses of  . . . color?  It\'92s true, Id feels color.  Each color has a unique signature deep inside him.  Beneath his front left paw it feels blue.  It soaks up into his fur like a animate sponge and Id feels it breathing, beating too, like an animate things itself, like it never knew it\'92s role as stationary, as controlled, and soon in consumes him.  He runs as the color spreads to all fours, and quadrapede paintbrush shattering the color into shapes and forms as it rings and resonates off the cement and grey panel siding up into the milky white heavens.  As the run turns to a gallop, the way cats often do, the color splatters and mutates in hue with the other noises in the air - there are people and there are things, the neighboorhood is full of nouns, and they are spinning and standing in place like game playing pieces, marking their spot in a rapidly growing map in Id\'92s mind.  His fur is soaked now, but the color holds no weight, it is light light of life and it is as much dry as it is wet, as much as everything as it is nothing, and as we are in it as much as we are of it.  A rainbow cat, now, if you can imagine it - standing, breeze in fur, as the color ripples like a high tide ocean in a full moon, the shapes and colors pulling off his back like the opposite of velcro.  Shattered splintered ground!  The cat is heavier than he ever was.  Each paw pat echoes.  The soft soles of his feet like sonar or echo location blow bast him in a wake of realization, a breeze of totality that could knock your house down or maybe just mess up your hair, depending on where you\'92re standing when it hits.  The houses he passes - they vary.  Some of them shine with a shalak latex color like blue, too, which makes sense as Id has had his paws all over this place, and the people inside glow with a quiet cerulean themselves.  They leak it everywhere so it\'92s only naturual that their houses be coated in it, their children dripping with it, their gutters flooding with it!  Id wades in it - it washes over his head without preventing breathing, it holds no resistance either.  It absorbs into him or through him or something, either way it is like they are one and one and both and neither.  \
	Sounds!  The people inside the blue houses are talking.  Laughing even!  Their words are indistiguisahble (and probably not that important either) because tone is what you listen for - their voices are steady!  They are laughing!  The scab heals a bit more.  And the color continues to pour out their open doors.  There are dark smudges on the concrete - Id remembers being here earlier, hearing horrible news and watching cruetly, though he could not see.  It didn\'92t matter, cruelty has a feel one cannot deny.  But these dark spots, they are being washed over - repaved, if you will, with cobblestones made of what everyone is feeling now - an overwhelming desire to forgive and forget, to say goodbye to all of the bad things they have seen but in a way that is like a memorial, a spyre of hardened thought, so they will not forget.  \
	The galloping continues!  Off to the left!  This was never ok before, but it feels good now.  Color had trouble reaching this place, before it was brought in by force, and ran all over the hills from the place where the violet grew.\
	Violet!  That is the color Id feels beneath his feet, though the woods are alerady flowing with color of their own, a deep rich green that gloops like maple syrup as it falls off of bark.  The birds above sings in tangent yellow!  It makes for a pretty blend or warm tones, in the puddles of rich purple, diluting it to a rich violet red.  It seethes with emotions, this place, with passion plucked right from a heart, or right into a heart, let to spill out all over, to cover the vegetation in a warm, thumping heartbeat.  It shakes the floor of the woods.  It rumbles in the most familiar way, the way a first love feels, a first kiss, things like that.  Soon all the thumping has the rhythm of the color bouncing as high as the trees, green red green red, and they are twisting in swirls together like candy canes!  This is indeed a place of sacred ritual and rite, warm from the oven like oatmeal cookies, sweet cinnamon in the air.  What was once a dry, stagnant place was being brought back to life with just a little pinch of effort - the trees stretch their arms in all directions, waking from a two thousand year nap.  \
	Here is the place now!  High on the hill, slippery with gravel, a deep brown chocolate stream that brings all on it\'92s path to one mutual feeding place, a build, oh, so beautiful and old . . . the color doesn\'92t drip off the walls here, it reaches out and grabs you!  It holds you in an embrace like a hearth, stony grey enclosure of warmth, the very definition of safety and fortitude.  This stone grey color enters your nose like incense and wraps your body in a woolen blanket that has held many worse and many better, you are in such good company.  From the children\'92s rooms there spills crayola sunshine like moving sidewalk chalk, a river of imagination, of youth and dexterity, seeping back into the wall feeeding it anew, warming the hearth with it\'92s energy.  Laughter bubbles the air like a straw to milk, the laughter here has returned - cleansing is too strong of a word, if that\'92s the case than this place has been sterile since the beginning of time - but reaffirming that the bubble rainbow laughter and the stone grey majesty are a one in the same codependant half and half entity.  \
	The garden!  Out the door the smell rises above all else!  This can be a place of sadness, depending.  There are many ways to look at it.  A volcano is beautiful and destructive at once, and here Id feels lava everywhere, dried and hardened, cracked undulating surface where life and death are shook hands.  The vines in the center, dried with a pulsating green, clasping the life out of seven individual pallettes - it\'92s so sad to see them gone, but they are not gone without reason.  That is what a monument is all about, after all; it is a reminder of good 
\i and
\i0  bad, so we won\'92t forget either.  \
	Soon the woods were behind Id as well.  The colors trailed him but they mixed more naturally now with the environments he traversed, mixing like oil pastels into one giant drag from one edge of the map to the other.  They run through many houses before they reach this - the blackness.  Where the streets explode, a synechdoce of life forces like nerves twining here, where the buildings were crushed and the masses fought, blade to bullet to fist, sharpening the air and chocking the color into a giant black smear, where everything ends.  It is hard for Id to breath, so chocked by evrything.  The indsutrial streets are crowded with life shattered, a mess of shards, stacked and scattered in the soot.  It is ruins now.  Here is where all things marched to die, combining their colors in hatred for the purpose of the elimination of one or more or all hopefull, it was vile evil destruction without warrant or cause.  The black is smeared on the earth tight, but even now it begins to crack and peel.  What cannot be peeled is painted over, and Id hears sounds everywhere of scurrying and rustling and trying as hand over hand the people count their blessings and cut their losses.  Tears do not wash it, but it helps.  It makes the blackness feel more human, to make it feel as though the things that happened here were not carried out in vain, that the lesson, etched like black charcoal on every surface here, is indelible.  Oh and it is!  Id is reaching the other side now.  The colors pulsate here, in kind pastel hues, where people line the streets, some on their knees, and pray and feel and think as one, in sadness, over what they have accomplished.  Metropolis turned ash.  But there is hope, deep there, in tiny subtle pockets no bigger than a coin, in a multitude of places, now seeping outward, finding its pieces and growing stronger.  It will be rebuilt!  Our humanity, as well.  As is not lost, all is just less, and this too shall be made right.  \
	Id hurtles onward, excited now, pulling full circle for consistency.  Id is shaking the blackness off, and in the air it twists like dust and seperates back into it\'92s original colors, exploding crescendo of color.  As he runs he feels the lightness in the streets again, cars chug merrily along, their engines sputtering and laying bright crossing walk stripes into the distance as they go, and Id hops, hops, hops, as cats do when their speed limiter is off and there is nothing but space, blank canvas before them.\
	A new neighborhoods approaches!  This neighborhood is different, he feels it in his paws, it is not quite like home.  The colors do not run, in rapant river, like a deluge through the streets, it drips pathetically down curbs and into gutters like someone is washing their car.  It is sad, a little bit, because the colors are so vibrant, so unique, in their burnt october orange and crushed rush hues.  It is the likes of which have never been felt by Id, so tragic and glorious all at once.  There is a sense of seclusion here, like a DO NOT DISTURB sign hangs at the entrance, and the roads within are not busy, really, in fact vacant is fits the place nicely.  It is dark though it is daylight, hung with a dark negative sun that like a vacuum removes light.\
	But inside the houses there is still the twinge of light!  It is filling the spaces all up in between, it creeps the walls like the flicker of a candle flame, painting with gentle warmth the harrowed interiors cooked with grim and dust.  Disuse.  Unlove.  But this could not be further from the truth.  And the way that fire spreads we see that color, in step, has a hunger and a need to devour the ones that circumvents its touch, like a game, and a good game at that, where the unloved are seeked out, the disused are found useful again, the dirty are washed clean in the never-consuming flame.  Hot coals, oven wall, but it cooks them like a kiln and what you get when you\'92re done are strong, capable things, really.  Quite useful, not to be downgraded.  And they baking has really done something to the glaze, let me tell you!  They shine brilliantly!  They are producing their own colors now!  A spectrum!  And in the clink clank of bike chains there are planes and smells like autumn, and Id feels the streets gurgle just a little bit more and knows that it grows.  \
	Deep inside this place there is a new source of color, a large, wide building filled with dried smears of activity.  It is still now, as it always is in summer, but still the shapes of past altered things hold steady from years of continual purposeful design, in uprightness beyond the spectrum of most buildings Id has seen. Here the colors do not just meet, as Id has seen many times, but they converge and 
\i grow
\i0  together.  They reinforce the walls, they mount pictures on the walls of bright finger paint realities from a distant mind that has not stopped dreaming yet.  It cannot be stopped!  There is a force here of ultimate youth, of scattered indifference in favor of importance that may or less seem less or more relative in days future but most likely of desires today, but nothing makes sense here anyway, and that is the most important thing.  Here, the colors ferment and grow deeper in hue, where existance is first rationalized and then accepted as interdependant to the trillions of millions of other life forces, beyond comprehension and design.  Id taps his way through the halls, for he is a crafty cat and has never been stopped by locks.  He runs through the building, to the other side, through anthemic quiet halls that await the fall.  But the fall need not wait for what lies out the row of windows, in a paviliion all it own, where, goodness, it is so bright one cannot even stare long enough for it to take form!  Id hopes on the ledge and nudges open an unlocked swinging window, from where he leaps down down down onto the colored living grass soaked with life.  He feels it!  It is the source!  The color manifests every aspect of everysense, and Id lifts his head and opens his eyes wide, and though he does not know where the image comes from, from what sense the information is being coallated and produced but he LOOKS and he SEES, there before him, a garden, 
\i the 
\i0 garden
\i , 
\i0 it GLOWS, oh, the purest white!  The most translucent of angel wing chalk white, it is the birth place, the very essense of existance!  From here the river of colors flow, as if possessed by something, and they dance through the air like a two-tone color beat that sounds in thumping hearbeat bass to a melody is all around.  Id runs between the carrots, he dive tackles the springs of life everywhere, sending forth a spray of pigment with each hit that speckles in the light like dandelion seeds or a blown kiss that is weightless on its own and feels only attraction to its target, its destination, and like that the pigment seeks ends beyond that of the ground below, it want to spread, to populate, to fly and sing through the air like a symphony or a choir, and like that when it finds an ear it will stay there, it will give the pigment, the color, the life, to that pallette and rejouvinate it from inside out.  To encase in purity, to let that indivdual pallette take it a shape it and bend it the way it wants, with its own resources, to produce something new and unique, be it good or evil or black or white or primary, secondary, tertiary or the enitre rainbow it wants only to be shared and molded into something.\
	From the entire garden rises a smell, which is pure oxygen life, which enters the nostrils and makes the floating shapes complete, the smell, the sight, the sound, they are being blending together like cake batter, confetti cake, thought that cannot even describe it in a fraction of the sense!  The smell crackles in the air like full pepper, pungent and crisp, unmistakable, it tastes on you tongue both bitter and sweet at once, it too is a flavor you will never forget.  You have tasted it all your life but you still have not enough!  If there is a nectar of the gods, this is it!  It is the wine produced when Jesus touched the water, it is LIFE!  What more could we possibly ask for?\
	And the birds, they know this.  Their feathers outstretched, they cover the sky as they breathe in the rich aroma, like coffee being brewed or pie being baked.  They indulge in it as they sing, head in the wind, a scream of fulfillment as they sweep and dive throughout the city streets.  The color shoots out of their feathers, out of their wings, and in every direction imaginable!  The lizards feel it too, in their tiny scaly feet, it becomes the chameleon\'92s skin, they scury through the grass and it leaves its marks everywhere, in tiny footprints on walls and dirt.  The spiders spin it into their web, the wolves howl it out and tear it into the ground as they run, leaving divets of dirt behind them.\
	\
	You, too, feel it, though it is easy to ignore since you are not blind, like Id.  We look and we expect miracles, presented to us as a wrapped package, when all the while we were inside the box the entire time.  We look to the sky and ask for god when he is beneath our feet, in our air, and swimming through the deep ocean, inside the fish and inside the earth and inside all of us.  He is even in cats.  Because Id is like all of us really.  Trouncing the world with blind steps, only able to rely on the things we feel and the images we make from them.  \
	My God!  The world is full of color.  And I pray that if you can\'92t see it, you can feel it in every step.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 The End}