{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=2158, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17320\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Sweet Chariot\
by Nick Anderson\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
	In heaven, there are no angels.  There are lots of people, people who have lead average to extremely good lives, but in no way do they share the characteristics commonly associated with angels; apart from being dead, and in heaven.\
	Now, there is much less to do in heaven than you would think.  It\'92s very quiet.  Since there are so many people there, its pretty hard to find a type of music everyone can agree on, so it was decided early on to just avoid the argument completely.  There is no real architecture in heaven either, so everyone sits more or less indian style on a great plateau of clouds, trying not to be rude by bothering the person next to them.  \
	Basically, you have two options.  The first is that you can lay on your back and stare into the sky, relishing in the fact that you have no more responsibility and no chance of physical harm or death.  This in itself is very nice, for a upon death a great realization occurs regarding the levity of the matters you took part in while on earth, kind of the way the problems you had in high school seem silly and insignificant five or ten years later.  You will feel so silly when you get there.\
	Your other option is to lay on your stomach, push your face through the soft clouds, and watch the people of earth.  You can zoom in on them (after you are dead your eyes become remarkably more useful; retractable lenses whirling around inside your sockets so that you can see through walls and watch ants work - you will see when you get there, it is really quite amazing.), keep track of their lives and perhaps find a story somewhere that is interesting to you, worth seeing through to completion.  However, as previously stated, after you\'92re dead these problems seem so nonsensical, you\'92re pretty much over all the stuff that is going on down there.  Though watching humans provides some initial entertainment for noobs, this activity is quickly regarded as a novelty. \
	\
	However.\
\
	There was one day that everyone, and I mean absolutely everyone, lay face down watching the streets in a reverential silence, a piercing tension hanging all throughout heaven.\
\
	It started very simply - A boy, about ten, who had just died lie face down watching his sister playing in what used to be his back yard.  The boy had come to realize that the things that transpired down there were of little to no consequence, still he was simply 
\i fascinated
\i0  by the way his tiny existence had scabbed over so quickly, becoming a glossy scar in only a few months, covered by the sleeve of life\'92s daily routines.  \
	As his sister played, the boy noticed a short, white bus slowing to a stop sign at the corner of his street.  Once motionless, the side and back doors opened, and out poured a slow parade of elderly women and men, one of which descended from a motorized wheelchair ramp attached to the back.  \
	Out the driver side door leapt a man in his mid-forties, greying hair and thin-rimmed glasses.  He was dressed in some sort of faux-security uniform, a zippy white number with buttons and shoulder snaps, but no powerful utility belt.  His slight pot-belly bounced awkwardly above his belt, back and forth, as he dashed around like a sheep dog, attempting to corral the aging flock.\
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins,\'94 the man called to a red-haired woman leading the pack, \'93I\'92ve told you this before.  You can\'92t sit by the door if you\'92re going to open it.  When it\'92s time to get off I push the button and the door opens by itself.\'94\
	\'93But the door 
\i didn\'92t
\i0  open by itself.\'94 the woman explained.  The group gathered in an informal semi-circle around them.  \
	\'93That\'92s because we weren\'92t getting off.  We don\'92t get off every time we stop.\'94\
	The woman threw her hands in the air as she and the rest of the passengers climbed back onto the bus, which took off promptly out of the boy\'92s old neighborhood.\
\
	\'93His name is Tom.\'94 pointed out the young dead boy, who was still trying out his new eyes.  \'93Said so on his name tag.\'94  The man next to him looked at him awkwardly, offended, saying not a word.  The boy began to feel a little sheepish.  The people around him avoided eye contact; not just with him, but with everyone.\
\
	Later that night he lay on his back, starring into the the now much closer stars, waiting restlessly for the daylight to return.  Not even the slightest whisper permeated the wakeful air of heaven, and most eyes were fixated on the deep sky or wandered around the complacent shapes that filled the cloudy plateau.  Someone very far away coughed.\
	He turned to his stomach and began to search the city for Tom.  The boy, so recently deceased, still harbored some phantom of a feeling for the living, a smokey vapor that was dissipating - this was a fairly common feeling.  Maybe that is why he felt a tinge of empathy for Tom.  The boy watched him drop off his elderly patrons at a group home, then drive himself back to his one bedroom home beneath a water tower.  Standing beside his bed, Tom had swallowed a small pill and gone to sleep; he had been asleep since.  In heaven there are no clocks, but on earth it was almost dawn.\
	When the sun began to rise again, the boy blinked, and scanned Tom\'92s room.  He was already dressed and lacing his shoes, his quiet home buzzing with the hum of central air.  The van, which he had parked in front of his house, started cheerfully in the promised warmth of a late May morning.  Within half an hour, Tom had collected the same group of people as before (the boy counted five total), and was driving west into town.\
	\'93It\'92s so 
\i warm
\i0 !\'94 Mrs. Jenkins moaned.  She sat in the first row, right behind Tom, but off to the side so that should could be seen.  \'93Tom, turn on the A.C.\'94\
	\'93I apologize Mrs. Jenkins, but the A.C. is broken.  I put in a maintenance request.\'94\
	\'93Those lazy bastards never fix 
\i anything
\i0 .\'94  Mrs. Jenkins hollered.  \'93Damn car\'92ll be a ball of 
\i rust
\i0  before the touch it.  At least crack a window.\'94\
	\'93No, noooooo . . . \'94 bemoaned a man in the back row.  He smoothed the lapels on his dilapidated brown suit.  \'93My hair, you never think of my hair.\'94\
	\'93You both know the windows don\'92t open.\'94 Tom sighed, knocking two fingers against the bolted down glass panes.  \'93Besides, the museum has very good air conditioning.  You\'92re always cold by the time we leave.\'94\
	Mrs. Jenkins shook her head.  \'93I\'92ve been to that damn museum a hundred times,  I don\'92t know why we have to go there again.\'94 \
	\'93I think the museum is nice!\'94 cooed a soft looking woman in the back of the van.  She appeared to be wearing some sort of pajama-like gown, and sat in a wheel chair.  \
	\'93Like hell it is, Ethel, its a crock a shit is all it is.\'94\
	\'93No swearing Mrs. Jenkins.\'94 Tom reminded gently.\
\
	Inside the museum Tom stood in front of  a diorama of a prehistoric couple sharing a meal over a fire.  Fake fabric flames danced over a portable fan while a spotlight faded from orange to red.  For a long time he studied the hard plastic mannerisms of the couple that failed to make eye contact due to the vacant imprecision of their glass painted eyeballs.  \
	\'93Damn landscapes don\'92t make a lick of sense,\'94  Mrs. Jenkins yelled from another room.  Tom was jarred from contemplation by her voice, and hustled away from the scene to collect the now quite scattered passengers.\
	\
	\'93I think Tom is dying,\'94 the dead boy in heaven said out loud.  A few people turned their heads slightly, but in general he was once again ignored.  \
	\'93No really,\'94 he went on, \'93I think so because he\'92s taking the same pills I was before I died.  They tasted awful because they were so strong and they worked really good but they wouldn\'92t give them to me until they were really sure.\'94\
	Still, silence.\
	\'93I heard my dad talking to my mom after I died and he said \'91You knew, you knew, because his doctor told you the pills would only make him comfortable.\'92  And they did, I really didn\'92t feel anything.\'94\
	Finally, the insolence of the boy could no longer be ignored by the other inhabitants of heaven.  \
	\'93What do you care if \'91Tom\'92 dies, now or later?\'94 asked a man a few feet away.  \'93Everyone dies.\'94\
	\'93Yes, but,\'94 the boy replied, \'93I don\'92t think that Tom should die yet.\'94\
	Everyone within earshot laughed at this.  Even the boy began to question what he was thinking.  \
	\'93No no, its just that I\'92ve been watching see, and from what I\'92ve seen, you . . . well, I\'92m sorry, what did you say your name was?\'94\
	The laughter reached a fever pitch.\
	\'93My 
\i name
\i0 ?\'94 the man ridiculed, \'93There are no 
\i names
\i0  in heaven!\'94\
	Now the boy felt completely sheepish and intruded upon, so he lay down with his blushing face in the clouds.}