{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=76361}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale115
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Sweet Chariot\
by Nick Anderson\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	In heaven, there are no angels.  There are lots of people, people who have lead average to extremely good lives, but in no way do they share the characteristics commonly associated with angels; apart from being dead, and in heaven.\
	Now, there is much less to do in heaven than you would think.  It\'92s very quiet.  Since there are so many people there, its pretty hard to find a type of music everyone can agree on, so it was decided early on to just avoid the argument completely.  There is no real architecture in heaven either, so everyone sits more or less indian style on a great plateau of clouds, trying not to be rude by bothering the person next to them.  \
	Basically, you have two options.  The first is that you can lay on your back and stare into the sky, relishing in the fact that you have no more responsibility and no chance of physical harm or death.  This in itself is very nice, for a upon death a great realization occurs regarding the levity of the matters you took part in while on earth, kind of the way the problems you had in high school seem silly and insignificant five or ten years later.  You will feel so silly when you get there.\
	Your other option is to lay on your stomach, push your face through the soft clouds, and watch the people of earth.  You can zoom in on them (after you are dead your eyes become remarkably more useful; retractable lenses whirling around inside your sockets so that you can see through walls and watch ants work - you will see when you get there, it is really quite amazing.), keep track of their lives and perhaps find a story somewhere that is interesting to you, worth seeing through to completion.  However, as previously stated, after you\'92re dead these problems seem so nonsensical, you\'92re pretty much over all the stuff that is going on down there.  Though watching humans provides some initial entertainment for noobs, this activity is quickly regarded as a novelty. \
	\
	However.\
\
	There was one day that everyone, and I mean absolutely everyone, lay face down watching the streets in a reverential silence, a piercing tension hanging all throughout heaven.\
\
	It started very simply - A boy, about ten, who had just died lie face down watching his sister playing in what used to be his back yard.  The boy had come to realize that the things that transpired down there were of little to no consequence, still he was simply 
\i fascinated
\i0  by the way his tiny existence had scabbed over so quickly, becoming a glossy scar in only a few months, covered by the sleeve of life\'92s daily routines.  \
	As his sister played, the boy noticed a short, white bus slowing to a stop sign at the corner of his street.  Once motionless, the side and back doors opened, and out poured a slow parade of elderly women and men, one of which descended from a motorized wheelchair ramp attached to the back.  \
	Out the driver side door leapt a man in his mid-forties, greying hair and thin-rimmed glasses.  He was dressed in some sort of faux-security uniform, a zippy white number with buttons and shoulder snaps, but no powerful utility belt.  His slight pot-belly bounced awkwardly above his belt, back and forth, as he dashed around like a sheep dog, attempting to corral the aging flock.\
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins,\'94 the man called to a red-haired woman leading the pack, \'93I\'92ve told you this before.  You can\'92t sit by the door if you\'92re going to open it.  When it\'92s time to get off I push the button and the door opens by itself.\'94\
	\'93But the door 
\i didn\'92t
\i0  open by itself.\'94 the woman explained.  The group gathered in an informal semi-circle around them.  \
	\'93That\'92s because we weren\'92t getting off.  We don\'92t get off every time we stop.\'94\
	The woman threw her hands in the air as she and the rest of the passengers climbed back onto the bus, which took off promptly out of the boy\'92s old neighborhood.\
\
	\'93His name is Tom.\'94 pointed out the young dead boy, who was still trying out his new eyes.  \'93Said so on his name tag.\'94  The man next to him looked at him awkwardly, offended, saying not a word.  The boy began to feel a little sheepish.  The people around him avoided eye contact; not just with him, but with everyone.\
\
	Later that night he lay on his back, starring into the the now much closer stars, waiting restlessly for the daylight to return.  Not even the slightest whisper permeated the wakeful air of heaven, and most eyes were fixated on the deep sky or wandered around the complacent shapes that filled the cloudy plateau.  Someone very far away coughed.\
	He turned to his stomach and began to search the city for Tom.  The boy, so recently deceased, still harbored some phantom of a feeling for the living, a smokey vapor that was dissipating - this was a fairly common feeling.  Maybe that is why he felt a tinge of empathy for Tom.  The boy watched him drop off his elderly patrons at a group home, then drive himself back to his one bedroom home beneath a water tower.  Standing beside his bed, Tom had swallowed a small pill and gone to sleep; he had been asleep since.  In heaven there are no clocks, but on earth it was almost dawn.\
	When the sun began to rise again, the boy blinked, and scanned Tom\'92s room.  He was already dressed and lacing his shoes, his quiet home buzzing with the hum of central air.  The van, which he had parked in front of his house, started cheerfully in the promised warmth of a late May morning.  Within half an hour, Tom had collected the same group of people as before (the boy counted five total), and was driving west into town.\
	\'93It\'92s so 
\i warm
\i0 !\'94 Mrs. Jenkins moaned.  She sat in the first row, right behind Tom, but off to the side so that should could be seen.  \'93Tom, turn on the A.C.\'94\
	\'93I apologize Mrs. Jenkins, but the A.C. is broken.  I put in a maintenance request.\'94\
	\'93Those lazy bastards never fix 
\i anything
\i0 .\'94  Mrs. Jenkins hollered.  \'93Damn car\'92ll be a ball of 
\i rust
\i0  before the touch it.  At least crack a window.\'94\
	\'93No, noooooo . . . \'94 bemoaned a man in the back row.  He smoothed the lapels on his dilapidated brown suit.  \'93My hair, you never think of my hair.\'94\
	\'93You both know the windows don\'92t open.\'94 Tom sighed, knocking two fingers against the bolted down glass panes.  \'93Besides, the museum has very good air conditioning.  You\'92re always cold by the time we leave.\'94\
	Mrs. Jenkins shook her head.  \'93I\'92ve been to that damn museum a hundred times,  I don\'92t know why we have to go there again.\'94 \
	\'93I think the museum is nice!\'94 cooed a soft looking woman in the back of the van.  She appeared to be wearing some sort of pajama-like gown, and sat in a wheel chair.  \
	\'93Like hell it is, Ethel, its a crock a shit is all it is.\'94\
	\'93No swearing Mrs. Jenkins.\'94 Tom reminded gently.\
\
	Inside the museum Tom stood in front of  a diorama of a prehistoric couple sharing a meal over a fire.  Fake fabric flames danced over a portable fan while a spotlight faded from orange to red.  For a long time he studied the hard plastic mannerisms of the couple that failed to make eye contact due to the vacant imprecision of their glass painted eyeballs.  \
	\'93Damn landscapes don\'92t make a lick of sense,\'94  Mrs. Jenkins yelled from another room.  Tom was jarred from contemplation by her voice, and hustled away from the scene to collect the now quite scattered passengers.\
	\
	\'93I think Tom is dying,\'94 the dead boy in heaven said out loud.  A few people turned their heads slightly, but in general he was once again ignored.  \
	\'93No really,\'94 he went on, \'93I think so because he\'92s taking the same pills I was before I died.  They tasted awful because they were so strong and they worked really good but they wouldn\'92t give them to me until they were really sure.\'94\
	Still, silence.\
	\'93I heard my dad talking to my mom after I died and he said \'91You knew, you knew, because his doctor told you the pills would only make him comfortable.\'92  And they did, I really didn\'92t feel anything.\'94\
	Finally, the insolence of the boy could no longer be ignored by the other inhabitants of heaven.  \
	\'93What do you care if \'91Tom\'92 dies, now or later?\'94 asked a man a few feet away.  \'93Everyone dies.\'94\
	\'93Yes, but,\'94 the boy replied, \'93I don\'92t think that Tom should die yet.\'94\
	Everyone within earshot laughed at this.  Even the boy began to question what he was thinking.  \
	\'93No no, its just that I\'92ve been watching see, and from what I\'92ve seen, you . . . well, I\'92m sorry, what did you say your name was?\'94\
	The laughter reached a fever pitch.\
	\'93My 
\i name
\i0 ?\'94 the man ridiculed, \'93There are no 
\i names
\i0  in heaven!\'94\
	Now the boy felt completely sheepish and intruded upon, so he lay down with his blushing face in the clouds.\
\
	Mrs.  Jenkins\'92 voice was piercing the reverent calm of the museum.  \
	\'93All I\'92m saying is that that this photograph has clearly been doctored, as the city council building is right 
\i here
\i0 ,\'94 she argued, pushing her finger into an area of sky in the framed picture, \'93and therefore this picture has no place in a museum.\'94\
	\'93That picture was taken in 1887, Mrs. Jenkins.\'94 Tom responded.\
	\'93Then why the hell would I want to look at it?\'94\
	Tom stood back an examined the rows of black and white photographs, though in reality they were brownish and yellow.  The other pasangers milled restlessly from frame to frame, reading the scribbled dates in the bottom right corners, examining the stark rolling land, the few wooden buildings.  \
	\'93Some people like to consider the way things used to be, Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93Well, I don\'92t know why.\'94  Mrs. Jenkins began to hobble to an adjacent exhibit.  \
\
	The rid home from the museum visit was a quiet one, though the peacefulness of the silence was a matter of opinion.  Some passengers were asleep, though it was barely four o\'92clock, where as Mrs. Jenkins sat ruddy and awake, her arms crossed.\
	Tom knew better than to tap the the vile obscenities fermenting beneath her surface, yet it escaped nonetheless.\
	\'93God damn . . .\'94\
	Tom sighed, and kept his head facing forward.\
	\'93God damn museum . . .\'94\
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins,\'94 Tom protested.\
	God 
\i DAMN 
\i0 that crotchety old museum and all of its . . .\'94\
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins, please,\'94 he begged, \'93You can\'92t swear, you\'92re upsetting the other-\'94\
	\'93We\'92re all dying Tom.\'94\
	Tom was struck silent, as no words seemed to match the unconventional turn this conversation had taken.  Everyone else sat silently, seemingly oblivious to Mrs. Jenkins existential insistence.\
	\'93Not one of us here have more than five years left, that is except you Tom, which makes this all the harder to understand.\'94\
	In his training, Tom had been told over and over again to never mention the age or subsequent condition of the people he was to spend each day shipping around.  \
	\'93 . . . What do you mean by all that, Mrs. Jenkins?\'94 he asked cautiously.\
	\'93What I 
\i mean
\i0 , Tom,\'94 she mocked, \'93Is that if this is all we\'92ve got left, if we\'92re one foot out the door as it is, then why the hell are we wasting what little bit of life we\'92ve got left?\'94\
	\'93No swears, Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93Hell isn\'92t a swear and you\'92re not listening to me.  If you\'92re afraid we\'92re going to die doing something reckless don\'92t be.  Most of us are going to die in our sleep, or in the kitchen making a warm glass of milk, and I don\'92t know about all of you here but I don\'92t want my last sight to be those god-awful tiles.  And I don\'92t want the last thing I remember to be some shitty black and white photos from before I was even born.\'94  \
	The cab writhed with a sort of inarticulate contemplation of Mrs. Jenkins\'92 words.\
	\'93Is it such a stretch that maybe I want to ride a bike one more time?  See live music?  Are you in such a rush to throw the lid over us that you\'92re not even going to respond?  You think we\'92re already dead?\'94\
	\'93Hell is a swear, depending on context.\'94  They had arrived at the group home, and slowing to a stop, Tom pushed the button that opened the door.  \
	Mrs. Jenkins mover her way to the staircase that lead down to the pavement - she turned and looked at Tom sadly.  He refused to return eye contact.  Sighing, Mrs. Jenkins descended the stairs and walked slowly towards the automatic sliding double doors of the group home, the other passengers filing single-file behind her.  As the door shut pulled away quickly, though he drove home reasonably and without exceeding the speed limit.\
	\
	\'93Wow, he\'92s only got twelve left.\'94 said the dead boy in heaven, watching Tom as he shook another tan pill into his palm.  \'93Those aren\'92t the kind of pills you get refills on.\'94\
	The boy felt alone as he gazed down upon the darkened town.  He remembered taking the pills, counting how many he had left.\
	A middle aged woman near the boy had been listening and watching this show that the boy seemed to be taking such an interest in.  She was roughly three feet away from him, so when she pushed her face through the clouds, she could see him at a comfortable distance.\
	\'93 . . . Are you watching that man still?\'94 she asked out loud.\
	The boy startled, and looked over at her, nodding earnestly.  \'93Yes,\'94 he answered, \'93I\'92ve been watching him for a while now and . . .\'94 the boy knew how ridiculous it would sound, \'93I\'92m just worried about him.\'94  \
	The woman nodded back, a vague sense of understanding gripping her.  \'93When I was alive, I remember feeling worried about people.\'94 she told him.  \'93Not since I\'92ve died though.\'94\
	They shared a confused, but contented smile.\
	\'93I had a son once that was your age,\'94 she continued,  \'93He was very emotional and had alot of problems because of it.  He could be very selfish, the way he acted; he\'92d cry and scream over what seemed like nothing, every little change he experienced was met with such frustration and anger.  Naturally I wasn\'92t surprised when the first thing I saw from up here was him crying on the sofa, pushing his face into the crevice between the seat cushions like he always did.  I imagined that had to be the most jarring and painful experience for him.  But when I listened to his sobs, he wasn\'92t crying for himself.  He was saying to himself \'91Mom, mommy, mom, its not fair, you never got what wanted or what you deserved.\'92  Now I remember feeling that way, before I died, that I had given everything and had never gotten any of it back.  I was quiet about it though, back then, I never thought anyone knew that about me.  Or why of all people 
\i he
\i0  would care about that.  Life is unfair from the beginning, I knew that, yet here he was bemoaning my silly life not being everything it could of been.\'94 she stared down into the night sky with the boy.  \'93For a second I felt like I understood him, but then the feeling faded and I just laughed a little.  I just couldn\'92t picture it anymore.  But hearing you talk about Tom, I start thinking about it again.  I\'92d like to feel that way again, if just to understand what it was my son felt.\'94\
	The boy nodded again.  He felt like he should introduce himself.  \
	\'93I would tell you my name,\'94 he said, \'93but for some reason I can\'92t remember it.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s ok, I don\'92t think anyone can.\'94 she confessed.  \'93There are no names in heaven.\'94\
	Accepting that as reason enough, the boy turned his attention back to to Tom\'92s sleep.  In contrast to the night previous, Tom clenched his fists and moaned quietly, privately into the dark room.  He was having a dream.  In the dream he was holding a glass store-front door open for an endless line of people who walked through it at a slow, constant pace.  His arm was burning with pain; for what seemed like years they walked on while Tom waited for a break in the line, where he could cut in.  Finally a sizable gap appeared - quickly he pivoted into place, but as he turned to face the doorway, he finally saw what lay on the other side.  It was too late, he was being swept away by the crowd.  Tom writhed his sheets into a spiral, until finally he sat straight up and hollered loudly.\
	\'93That 
\i would
\i0  be frightening.\'94 said the woman, and they boy agreed, for they could also see dreams.\
	It was was almost dawn - Tom could see bluish light just beginning to creep into the room.  He set his head back down on his pillow, pulled the sheets around him back to their original positions as best he could, closed his eyes and waited for his alarm to go off.\
	That morning the van started with a tired rumble, the wheels ticking slowly into motion, the engine groggy and unwilling to accelerate.  Tom tested the gas pedal, pushing it sharply, which wielded no results.\
	\'93You\'92ve been driving the same route for 20 years, how it is you can manage to show up 
\i late
\i0  is beyond me.\'94 Mrs Jenkins yelled from her seat, inches from Tom\'92s ear.  \'93So mad I could 
\i spit
\i0  but these damn windows don\'92t open.\'94\
	Tom ignored her, his mind still wandering the alcoves of the previous night\'92s dream.  \
	\'93Where are we off to today, Tom?\'94 Mrs. Jenkins asked in her feistiest tone.  \'93Tell me Tom, will we be visiting the 
\i museum
\i0  again?\'94\
	\'93Ooooooh I 
\i love
\i0  the museum,\'94 carroled the quiet woman in the wheelchair.  \'93Why not Tom, we haven\'92t been there in 
\i ages
\i0 .\'94\
	Mrs Jenkins looked at her in horror - \'93Jesus Christ Ethel, I . . . oh, Ethel . . .\'94 She laid a hand on the woman\'92s knee.  Ehtel clasped the hand happily and smiled vacantly back at her.\
	\'93Tom, look what you\'92re doing to these people.\'94 she lamented.  \
	\'93I don\'92t set the schedule Mrs. Jenkins,\'94 Tom explained, his eyes fixed on a left turn onto a larger city road.  The van accelerated predictably to the minimum speed, its lethargy of the morning seemingly cured.  \'93Also, don\'92t take the Lord\'92s name in vain.\'94\
	\'93Ohhhhh Here it comes again.\'94  Mrs. Jenkins spat on the carpeted floor of the van.  \
	\'93Did you just spit?\'94 Tom asked, at last turning his attention to his payload.\
	Mrs. Jenkins spat again.  \
	\'93Harriet, stop it\'94 protested a woman seated in the back row.  \'93That is disgusting.  Tom, can you open a window?\'94 \
	\'93My hair\'92s a mess Tom, its really fine with me today.\'94\
	\'93Tom,\'94 Mrs. Jenkins pleaded, \'93Is it so much to ask for a little air?  To feel the wind in my hair again?\'94\
	\'93The windows do not open for your safety.\'94 he responded.\
	Mrs. Jenkins inhaled and puffed her chest full of resolve, unwilling to concede to a statement so maliciously arbitrary.  \'93Do I have to break one then?\'94 \
	Tom sighed.  Still denying Mrs. Jenkins the confrontation she craved, Tom began to answer her without turning.  \'93Do you really think that-\'94\
	The base of an aluminum walking came flying past Tom\'92s ear, making a loud 
\i THWACK
\i0  as it bounced of the curved glass of the windshield.  Tom ducked and jerked the wheel blindly, swerving the car into an adjacent, thankfully unoccupied lane.  Mrs. Jenkins stood in the center of the van\'92s narrow isle, gripping the can\'92s handle like a loaded gun.  Taking another deep breath, she thrust the cane forward again, this time producing a small crack where it hit.  \'93Cover your eyes, Tom!\'94 she hollered.\
	\'93Harriet NO!\'94 Tom pleaded as he scanned the busy street for a place to pull over.\
	\'93I WANT TO LIVE!\'94 she shouted as another forward shove enlarged the crack, spidering horizontally across the width of the windshield.\
	\'93Mrs. Jenkins, you are about to lose privileges for the whole group!\'94  \
	The van shook wildly as it began to straddle the edge of the right lane and the overgrown field it bordered.\
	\'93We HAVE no privileges!  Fresh air is not a PRIVILEGE Tom.\'94 Mrs. Jenkins yelled.  \'93FREEDOM is not a PRIVILEGE!\'94\
	The van and all its contents leaped suddenly as it hit a large lump in the field.  Tom skidded the car to a stop as the passengers cupped their hands to the back window panes, attempting to make out the shape of what lay in the dirt, about thirty feet behind them.  Bolting from the driver side door, Tom was careful not to step in the tiny trail of blood that left from the back tire to the small furry mass - there, turned over several times in the dirt, was a young rabbit, feet still twitching as though they still chanced escape.  Behind him the doors to the van opened, and the wheelchair ramp began to lower.  \
	\'93You forgot to open the Door, Tom.\'94 Mrs. Jenkins called to him.\
	\'93We don\'92t . . .\'94 Tom was shaking, \'93Every place we stop we don\'92t . . . THIS IS EXACTLY LIKE YOU, THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT YOU DO!\'94  Tears lit like an oil slick down his face.  \'93You act and you don\'92t think at all what it might mean for someone else!  You just storm your way through everything without an ounce of courtesy and PEOPLE GET HURT.  THINGS get hurt.\'94\
	\'93And I suppose your way is flawless?\'94 Mrs. Jenkins retorted.  \'93To just keep scurring out of everybody\'92s way, just keep smiling and doing everyting someone else tells you to, well that is a perfectly AWFUL way of life and I think you know that Tom, how can you even get out of bed in the morning?\'94\
	\'93How do 
\i you
\i0  sleep at night?  This . . .\'94 Tom gently stroked a tiny, crushed pay, \'93This is a baby.  It never had a chance to live.  It was on its own side of the road, but its dead because of you.\'94\
	\'93Oh, so I was the one driving now.  I was the one that tried to slow down and stop everything, just as things were beginning to happen.\'94\
	\'93What was I supposed to do?!\'94 Tom exclaimed, standing.\
	\'93Keep up with it, Tom.  Things move fast and you\'92ve got to accept that.  You can\'92t stop the current, if  you try to do that you\'92re going against what the world\'92s got planned and THAT\'92S how things get 
\i HURT
\i0  Tom.  YOU are the reason things are hurting.\'94\
	Tom stared down into the lucid, half-open eyes of the now dead creature.  Tom turned and walked slowly, silently back to the driver\'92s seat of the van, and pulled the door shut.\
	\'93Oh, you\'92ve really done it this time Harriet.\'94 said a short, pudgy woman.  \'93He\'92s probably going to go drive off a cliff.\'94\
	\'93Maybe he\'92s going to back into you, Harriet.\'94 said the man in the brown suit.  \'93You should move.\'94  But Tom simply sat inside, without even starting the van.\
	\
	\'93No, I don\'92t think that\'92s it at all.\'94  \
	The boy and the woman in heaven had been so focused on the unfolding events, they had failed to notice the man a yard away, watching right along with them.  \
	\'93All that - see it reminded me of this conversation I had with my father once.\'94  the man continued.  \'93I was probably nineteen, and I was asking him for money again.  I was trying to tell him that I couldn\'92t make ends meet just pickin\'92 bugs off the grape vines and he said \'91Well who\'92s fault is that?\'92 and of course at the time I said \'91Hoover!\'92, or \'91Old man Baker!\'92, or anything but myself.   And he said to me, \'91When you were born your mother and I were livin\'92 in a treek trunk outside the old ranch with no money for any damn cigarettes or gin and I made it work.  The problem is YOU.\'94\
	The woman and boy nodded attentively to the man\'92s story, which decompressed so naturally in the stagnant air.  \
	\'93Well he never gave me another penny after that and I hated him for it and he just became another part of my lot of things that were keeping me in that horrible place I was in.  It wasn\'92t til years later that that list  became so long that I was forced to admit to myself that maybe it wasn\'92t the whole world trying to bring me down; that maybe I was doing that all by myself.\'94  He pointed a scrutinizing finger down to Tom from the clouds.  \'93When it hit me, I had a moment like that.  Cried like a damn fool.  For a while.  But when I was done with all that, you know what I did the very next?\'94\
	\'93What?\'94 the woman and boy asked in unison.  \
	\'93I went down to Old man Baker and told him I\'92d been pickin\'92 bugs long enough and that knownin\'92 how everything worked around there that it was about time I started helping with the planting.  I told him how much I wanted a day and he said that\'92d be fine.  Then I threw the other boys one hell of a party, and emptied all my gin down their dumb happy throats and I never touched the stuff again.  Two years later I met the love of my life and she never knew that sad, wretched part of me.  Would of never happened had I stayed the person I had been.  When I realized that I was so . . . well I remember feeling so thankful for that.\'94\
	\'93 . . . Do you think that it will be that way for Tom?\'94 the woman asked.  \
	\'93Who knows?  That sure as hell ain\'92t me down there.  Who knows how 
\i he\'92ll 
\i0 stomach that.\'94\
	\
	Tom was sunken low in the driver\'92s seat, watching the nervous activity of the seniors in the left mirror.  The tears had stopped and now a humid stillness hung in the cab like the first moments after a sudden summer rain.  Slowly the group approached and re-entered the van, in a polite silence.  Finding their seats the looked to one another uncomfortably, waiting for someone to speak.  \
	\'93I had a dream last night.\'94 Tom said abruptly.  \'93I was hold a door open, for a long line of people.  I was just trying to be polite.  But the people just kept coming.  I kept looking for a break in the line, where I could cut in, just someone to hand the door off to - but when I finally got my turn to enter, I saw what was beyond the door . . .\'94\
	\'93What was it?\'94 asked the man in the brown suit.\
	\'93 . . . Nothing.\'94 Tom replied.  \'93Just a blank, a white void.\'94 He pulled himself up in the seat, making eye contact with his passengers in the rearview mirror.  \'93All my life I\'92ve told myself that my time is coming, that if I just smiled and kept my head down my turn would come.  Well, that was it.  I\'92m just like the rabbit.  Everything, over before he even had the chance to live.\'94\
	\'93Never the CHANCE to live?\'94  Mrs. Jenkins slapped her knee.  \'93Tom, you are middle aged.  What about life has been kept from you?\'94\
	\'93I understand Tom, I do.\'94 said the pudgy woman beside her.  \'93But that\'92s all anyone gets.  A blank space.\'94\
	\'93She\'92s right Tom.\'94 agreed the man in the brown suit.  \'93Nothing\'92s ever going to be given to you.  You want something, you have to stand up and take it.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s the same damn thing I\'92ve been telling you since the day I started riding in this damn hearse.\'94 Mrs. Jenkins told him.  \'93Nevermind what you\'92ve 
\i got
\i0  out of life.  What have you fought for?  Don\'92t tell me we\'92re the first people to point this out to you.\'94\
	Tom fiddled silently with the air vent above the steering wheel.\
	\'93Tom, you talk to people besides us don\'92t you?\'94\
	He sank down into the seat again.\
	\'93Tom, do you even know our names?  Do you know who this man is?\'94  Mrs Jenkins pointed to a nervous looking man in the front row.  \'93We\'92re the only people you talk to and you don\'92t even know who we are.\'94\
	\'93I know who you 
\i are
\i0 .\'94\
	\'93No Tom you don\'92t, not without a name.  Do you know why we give things names?  Because they are important.  Because you value them, and you want to be able to find them again.  Because they\'92re not objects Tom.\'94\
\
	In heaven, the boy, the woman, and the man took in eachother, contemplatively.  \
	\'93It makes alot of sense, what she\'92s saying.\'94 said the man.\
	\'93Do you think that we should give eachother names?\'94 asked the boy.\
	The woman smiled at him.  \'93Would you mind if I called you Gregory?  That was my son\'92s name.  Is - is that an alright name?\'94\
	\'93Yes!\'94 exclaimed the boy, henceforth known as Gregory.  \'93It sounds perfect to me.\'94 he turned to the man.  \'93Vincent was what I was thinking for you.\'94\
	Vincent smiled and smoothed over hair, as if he was wearing a new suit.  \'93Well if a Vincent\'92s what I\'92ve made of myself, I\'92d be a fool to argue.  And what about you lady, what will we be calling you?\'94\
	\'93Helen!\'94 Gregory suggested with his index finger.  \
	\'93Oh that\'92s a lovely name.\'94 the woman agreed.\
	\'93Are you giving eachother names?\'94  The head of a young girl popped out below the clouds - her long, bristly red hair hanging in bright bunches down towards the earth.  \
	\'93Yes we are.\'94 Helen replied.  \'93Would you like one?\'94\
	The young girl giggled.  \'93When I was alive I named 
\i everything
\i0 , stuffed animals, blankets, cups . . .
\i  
\i0 it was really quite ridiculous.  My mom had to put sticker labels on everything so that she would know what I was talking about.  So yes.  I would like one, if you feel like giving one to me.\'94\
	\'93I do . . . Erica!\'94 Gregory said, throwing his finger at her as if the name needed to be caught.  \
	More heads popped below the surface of the cloudy ground, loitering awkwardly, waiting to be invited into this new ritual.\
	\'93Do you all want names too?\'94 Vincent called to them.\
	\'93What is going ON?!\'94 came a man\'92s voice from the topside of the clouds.  The group pulled their heads back up to see an infuriated older man standing with clenched fists, a seeming-giant compared to the rest of heaven which was seated politely.\
	\'93We\'92re giving eachother names,\'94 Vincent explained, \'93so it will be easier to talk.\'94\
	\'93About 
\i what?
\i0 \'94 the man exclaimed.  \'93What is there to talk about?  We know 
\i everything
\i0 .  We 
\i understand
\i0  everything.\'94\
	\'93We don\'92t though!\'94  Gregory interjected.  \'93I don\'92t understand how Tom feels.  None of us do.\'94  The crowd of people that had begun to watch Tom, some openly, some in private, all nodded in agreeance.   \'93I know that when we cam here we realized alot of things, but we forgot things too.  And I think the things we forgot, the understanding, is more important than the knowing.\'94 \
	Inside the van Tom had just finished being introduced to the people he had been driving around for some time now.  Mrs. Jenkins was the only one he could really name, the rest - five others in all - he knew only by their faces.  \
	Now he knew that the pudgy woman who say beside Mrs. Jenkins was Ariel, who before now knew simply by her regular rotation of cat-themed sweaters.  Her hair was tall and permed like a Southern beauty queen, thick blue eyeshadow creased in her wrinkled eyelids.  \
	On the other side of Mrs. Jenkins sat Benjamin, a quiet Asian man who would divert his eyes if you ever tried to talk to him.  No one had ever heard him speak.\
	The back row had two people; Etheland Rodger.  Ethel was the soft-looking woman in the wheelchair, the one often confused by the previous day\'92s events but nevertheless thankful that they had happened.  Her skin was a translucent white, with red veiny lines around her eyes, nose and mouth like a newborn kitten.\
	Rodger, the man in the brown suit, was a classic gentleman.  Never had anyone seen him wear anything less tasteful than a three piece suit, even if the only trip he had planned for the day was to the kitchen.  He was notoriously stubborn but a kind person nonetheless.\
	And Tom was a middle-aged mystery, even unto himself.  The questions considered the most basic, favorite foods ands season, took ages for him to answer; and even then, they were guesses at best.  The cab watched him, fascinated and confused, as he attempted to name a hobby.  \
	\'93Umm . . . \'94 he fretted, \'93Sometimes when I\'92m driving I count the dashed yellow lines for as long as I can.  Does that count?\'94\
	\'93Absolutely not.\'94  Mrs. Jenkins answered.\
	\'93Tom,\'94 Ethel said slowly, \'93Maybe we should go about this differently.  Tell us what you 
\i do
\i0  know.  A memory perhaps, that even you have been unable to set aside.\'94\
	\'93From when?\'94\
	\'93From whenever, Tom.  Your choice.\'94\
	Tom pondered this, tracing the cracks on the windshield with his index finger.  \'93My uncle had a motorcycle, when I was young.  He wanted to show it to me, but my mother wouldn\'92t let him.  I didn\'92t really have a reason to question them.  But one night when my parents were having a party he came to my room and woke me up.  We went downstairs through the back hallway into the garage . . . I think he was really just going to show it to me, let me sit on it and what not, but I must have looked just enthralled by it, because he put a finger to his lips and opened the garage door real slow . . .  Outside was just the purest, blackest night.  The kind I wasn\'92t allowed to go out in.  He held my hand and walked me out to the middle of the street, then went and pushed the motorcycle out of the garage.  He sat down and pulled me up on his lap, right in front of him.  I heard his hands clicking some switching, but I couldn\'92t see anything, it was so 
\i dark
\i0 .  Then all of a sudden the whole thing came to life beneath us.  I was so scared at first that I wanted to jump off, but the purring beneath me became so steady and calm . . . I relaxed and we just shot off into the night.\'94  Tom was looking now far beyond the windshield, deep into the sky.  \'93We probably just went around the block, but it felt like we drove for hours.  The night landscape was so perfectly vignetted by that single headlight, I believe it was the only time in my life that was able to focus on that exact moment, without thinking about what might happen, or what already had.  When we got back we pushed the bike into the garage and he said to me \'91that\'92s something they\'92ll never let you do, or even forgive me for if the found out, but something that needed to happen.\'92  He said that when I was older I would understand.\'94\
	\'93Well I hope its sinking in now!\'94  Mrs. Jenkins yelled, standing.  \'93Now, let\'92s finish what we\'92ve started!\'94 With a tremendous breath she threw the cane back into the windshield, but it bounced off the curve of the glass and produced no results.  \
	\'93You can\'92t break a windshield that easy.\'94 Tom said.  \'93They\'92re designed to not break.  Besides, we can\'92t do that.  We can\'92t destroy a van just because.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s not 
\i just because
\i0  you moron!\'94 Mrs Jenkins shoved the cane into the glass again.  She was panting heavily.\
	\'93Just stop it Mrs. Jenkins.  You can\'92t break it by yourself.\'94\
	\'93Well then,\'94 she said, sitting to catch her breath, \'93You\'92re going to have to help me.\'94  Shaking, she reached out and dropped the cane into Tom\'92s lap.  \'93If you want to feel that way again, the way we all do, you\'92ve got to fight for it.\'94\
	Without a word, Benjamin unhooked his seatbelt and removed the cane from Tom\'92s lap.  Slowly, and aiming with great care, he pulled the cane back and slammed it forward with a single, focused 
\i THWACK
\i0 .  Exhausted by this simple action, he returned to his seat as Ariel stood and took the cane from him.  Tom began to feel weak as he watched the squat woman conjure so little force out of herself, breathing heavy as she levied her attack.  Hesitantly, she handed the cane off to Ethel, who beckoned for it desperately.  Cradling the cane in her lap, she rolled slowly to the front of the van; Mrs. Jenkins held her chair steady as she raised the cane slowly, like a lead pipe.  Withe every ounce of strength concievable, she let the cane meet the glass with a soft tap.\
\
	Tap.\
\
	Tap.\
\
	Tap.\
\
	\'93We can\'92t, Tom.\'94 Mrs Jenkins let go of Ethel\'92s chair, as she was generating so little force that the wheels did not even rock.  \'93Though we desperately want to, we aren\'92t able.  You 
\i can
\i0  Tom.  You can feel these things again Tom, it is still possible for you.  Outside that glass is a whole world, filled with just, well, everything, 
\i waiting
\i0  to be embraced.  Open up the glass and 
\i feel
\i0  it!\'94\
	Tom starred past the sparse cracks, out to the road.  In his mind, he overlaed that one dark night, the deep ocean of possibilities he had then thought had filled the dark spots just beyond the reach of the single headlamp.\
	Clasping his hands around Ethel\'92s, he pulled the cane back with her, and slammed it forward with such velocity that every window in the entire van burst into innumerable shards, a shower of sliver so tiny and bright that the sky looked as though it was raining pure sunlight.\
	In heaven, Gregory, Helen, and Victor were holding hands.  Whether their combined thoughts and feelings had anything to do with the events happening on earth, I can\'92t really say.  People on earth, and in heaven, are capable of incredible things.  But at this time about a thousand people had names, and whole acres of them lie face down, observing Tom.  \
	In the van, Mrs. Jenkins cheered. \'93THAT\'92S what I\'92m talking about!\'94 she high-fived Ben.  \'93Now we\'92re cookin\'92 with gas!\'94  A cool spring breeze passed through the van.  \
	Tom laughed heartily.  He sat down in his seat, took a deep breath, shifted into drive.  \'93Where are we off to first?\'94\
	\'93Oh for crying out loud.\'94  Mrs. Jenkins shook her head, exasperated.  \'93Don\'92t aske 
\i me
\i0 , Tom.  You have to ask yourself that.\'94\
	\'93Oh, of course Mrs. Jenkins.\'94\
	\'93HARRIET for crying out loud.\'94\
	Tom nodded.  Adreneline coursed through his veins, and he could think of no way of using it.  \'93No, uh - I guess no place in particular comes to mind.\'94\
	\'93Oh for Chrissake . . .\'94\
	\'93Well, someone else,\'94 Tom suggested, \'93Does anyone here have someplace they\'92d like to go?  Someplace that they can, recapture this feeling we\'92re chasing?\'94\
	Rodger raised his hand.  \'93I\'92ve a place I\'92d very much like to visit again, if its alright with everyone.\'94\
	\'93Sure Rodger.\'94 Harriet replied.  \'93Where do you want to go?\'94\
	\'93See,\'94 he explained, \'93There\'92s a cafe not far from here where I met my wife.  I\'92d like to have my usual, that is a coffee and a croissant, one more time.  They won\'92t let me have coffee anymore, they say it makes me restless.  I have to pour warm water into a mug and make believe like a damn fool.\'94\
	Harriet shrugged, demonstrating the idea\'92s adequacy.  \'93It\'92s a start.  Restlessness - that\'92s a good thing!  People need to be restless, its what keeps them moving!\'94\
	\'93Do you remember where it is, Rodger?\'94 Tom asked.  \
	\'93Like I could forget a place like that.\'94\
	The group cleared the remnants or the windows from their seats, and buckled up as the van began to roll in the direction of Rodger\'92s index finger.  \
	It was about ten minutes before Tom began to question Rodger\'92s directions.  \
	\'93It\'92s a hidden little place, out the way.  That\'92s why I always liked it.  Our little secret.\'94\
	They rolled slowly through a decaying strip mall, in a part of town that made Tom nervous.\
	\'93This one right here!\'94 Rodger pointed to the back on an old red brick building.  \'93Door\'92s on the other side.\'94\
	Tom rounded the establishment, finding the other side of the facade to be clearly decorated with large 7-11 signs.  \
	\'93Oh no . . . Ethel muttered sadly.\'94\
	\'93Well Rodger, I\'92m sorry . . .\'94 Tom said, \'93It,, it looks like its a 7-11 now.\'94\
	Rodger straightened his tie.  \'93Well, we will have coffee here then.\'94 He stood, wearing a surprisingly joivial smile, and made his way to the front of the van.\
	Entering the convenience store, Rodger swaggered uncharacteristically to the counter.  \'93The usual, my good man.\'94\
	A young boy behind the counter looked at the man through a plexiglass container filled with a tiny hot dog ferris wheel, waiting for more information.  \
	\'93A coffee and a croissant you dope!\'94\
	The boy, still confused, snapped into action - \'93Uhh, ok sir - you get the coffee yourself at the machine over -\'94\
	\'93Like HELL I do.\'94\
	\'93Uh . . .\'94 the boy scurried over to the coffee dispenser, and began to fill a styrofoam cup.  He was scrawny and young, awkward looking but not particularly unattractive.  He employed this strange new group of customers with a surreal diplomacy, without asking questions.  Popping on a flimsy plastic cap, he hurried it to Rodger.  \'93Also, we don\'92t have croissants.\'94\
	Rodger sighed.  \'93Well what do you serve?\'94\
	The boy scanned a heated case beside the coffee maker.  \'93How about a breakfast burrito?\'94\
	\'93That will do I suppose.\'94 Rodger answered.  \'93Table by the window please.\'94\
	The boy was clearly losing his composure.  \'93I\'92m sorry sir.  I\'92m really trying, but don\'92t have any table and chairs.\'94\
	Rodger fixed his galre onto the employee, into him - \'93Listen boy, I was a regular here before you were born.  You want to contest me on knowing this place?\'94\
	\'93Never.\'94 the boy answered, rescinding his previous statement with apologetic palms.  \'93I just started this week, I\'92m sorry, I don\'92t know if you have a regular thing going or something, my boss didn\'92t say anything about - \'94\
	\'93Ok ok now,\'94 Tom interjected, \'93Let\'92s not scare the poor kid any further, he\'92s trying best.\'94\
	\'93I have a folding chair in the back . . .\'94 The young man, whose name was John and who could not care less about his job, retrieved the the folding chair, along with a brown, metal card table he had found leaned several crates of Snickers bars.  Rodger stood waiting by a large pane of glass with a vinyl sticker of a hotdog afixed to it.  As Tom and John set up the table, Rodger peeled away at it, tugging at its corners, pulling it off from the top down.  Morning light flooded the storefront, outlining in sharp chiaroscuro the decaying facade of a hundred red brick buildings towering in the distance.  \
	Rodger sat.  Silently he raised the cup of coffee to his lips, his eyes fixed upon the scene beyond the window, the ghosts of concrete and mortar.  \
	\'93This used to be my whole world.\'94 Rodger muttered, without breaking his gaze.  \'93When I was nineteen,\'94 he pointed to a crumbly-looking building with three smokestacks, \'93I worked in that factory right there.  And I lived in the middle floor of that one there.  I used to come here every night to reflect, but mainly just to talk to this cute barrista named Helen.  I used to stay late, past when I knew they\'92d closed, so I could talk to her after everyone had left . . . It was one of the handful of times in my life where I knew the things happening to me were perfect, that I would look back upon them fondly.\'94  Rodger closed his eyes and took a long, deep draw from his cup.  When he was finished, he looked up and around at Tom, John, and the rest of the passangers.\
	\'93Thank you for making this possible.\'94\
	Rodger nodded happily, closed his eyes again, and slowly bent forward until he was face down on the table.  Rodger did not move.\
	The quiet smile of satisfaction Tom had been wearing melted into abject confusion.  \'93Did - did Rodger just?\'94\
	Harriet placed two fingers to Rodger\'92s throat.  \'93 . . . Yep.\'94\
	\'93This is horrible!\'94 Tom exclaimed in disbelief.  \'93This ruins the whole day!\'94\
	\'93Did you have something better planned for him?\'94 Harriet asked.  \'93Here, help me lift him.\'94\
	Tom shooed Harriet away, and with the help of John, began to carry Rodger\'92s body back to the van.\
	\'93Where do we - I guess the only place really is his seat.\'94  The passengers watched inquisitively as Tom and John buckled Rodger in, ensuring that he leaned into the wall.  Tom and John held their hands at either side of him like a Jenga tower about to collapse, until at last he seemed steady.  John exited the van first, nearly falling face first as he scurried to distance himself as much as possible.  \
	\'93Thank you John!\'94 Ariel yelled after him, to which he waved recklessly as he walked back into the 7-11, nervously returning his attention to the hot dog ferris wheel.\
	\'93This has never happened to me before.\'94 Tom sighed plaintively into the ceiling.  \'93Never when we were out and about like this.  I don\'92t know what to do.\'94\
	\'93Tom, can we go to the fair next?\'94 Ethel asked politely.\
	Tom cranned his neck to see if she was serious.\
	\'93Watching those hotdogs reminded me.  I\'92d like to ride a ferris wheel again.\'94\
	Everyone was buckling their seatbelts, looking at Tom expectantly.\
	\'93But what about Rodger?\'94\
	\'93He\'92s the only one of us that can\'92t die now.\'94 Harriet explained.  \'94He\'92s the least of our concerns.\'94\
	\'93How could you say that?\'94 Tom asked, looking at Rodger\'92s poor rumpled lapels, his sagging frame.\
	\'93He\'92s gotten what he wants Tom.  The last thing he\'92d want now is for us to break this energy, to deny the other\'92s what he\'92s gotten because of this little hang up.  Stop looking at him Tom.\'94 Harriet insisted.  \'93That\'92s not Rodger.  Rodger is gone.\'94\
	\
	In heaven, Rodger, smoothed the ruffles in his suit.  His eyes were still adjusting to the etherial white glow of heaven, the clouds reflecting light like snow.  He could see masses and masses of people seated in the distance, many of them looking at him - a large group seemed to be quarreling, though they seemed oblivious to Rodger\'92s presence.\
	A few stood and, while delicately stepping around their neighbors, made their way up to him.\
	\'93Rodger!\'94  called Gregory, though he was still a fair distance away.  \'93Rodger, are you alright?\'94\
	\'93Ah, as alright as I\'92ll ever be.  Do I know you?\'94\
	Gregory excitedly explained the situation, augmented by Helen and Victor explaining things slower for the old man.\
	\'93Is that what I look like?\'94 Rodger lay face down to the clouds, looking into the van, flattening a section of his thinning hair with his left hand.  \'93I suppose that\'92s why they put a man underground when he dies.  This is just too perplexing to see.\'94\
	\'93Are you upset they continued on like that?  With you there in the seat?\'94  Gregory asked.\
	\'93Oh, that\'92s not me.\'94 Rodger answered.\
	\
	\'93The North Pole!\'94 Ariel suggested.  \'93The North Pole has a ferris wheel.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s the only one I can think of.\'94 agreed Ariel.\
	\'93There\'92s no way The North Pole is open in May.  Its all Christmas themed.\'94  Tom was trying to let go the thought of the dead man sitting behind him.  It had become a moot point, he had been outvoted on the severity of the situation.  He attempted to occupy his mind with more solvable problems.  \
	\'93Do you think if we ask polite Tom, that they might let us in?\'94 Ethel posed.\
	\'93We can try.\'94 he responded.  \'93I don\'92t even know if there would be anyone there.\'94\
	\
	The North Pole certainly did not look open.  Situated between a major highway and a group of foothills that would be snowy at the right times, the park was partitioned off like an ancient fort.  A blue, steel gate closed tightly across the length of the entrance, on it a mural of Santa Clause bade them to stop.  \'91SEE YOU NEXT CHRISTMAS\'92 it insisted.  To the left of the gate sat a guard post of some sort, like a toll booth, clearly designed to dispense tickets to people fortunate enough to visit the park when it was open.\
	\'93There\'92s a guy in there,\'94 Harriet pointed, \'93Tom, go get us tickets.\'94\
	Tom would have sighed at the increasingly unrealistic path the day had taken, but then again, reality had not been as constant a factor today as it normally was.  Tom went with it.\
	Rolling slowly into the ticket-taking alcove, Tom rolled down his window to address the very confused man trying not to look up from his magazine.  \
	\'93Hey!  Hello . . .\'94 Tom called to him through his window.  \
	Reluctantly the man slid open the tiny glass door and stuck his head out, eyeing with interest the jagged remains of glass outlining the van\'92s windows.  \'93You guys need directions?\'94\
	\'93We\'92re actually more interested in the ferris wheel.\'94 Harriet called.  \
	\'93We\'92re not open.\'94\
	\'93Is 
\i no one
\i0  inside?\'94 Ariel asked.  \
	The man laughed.  He was young and slightly pudgy, visibly lethargic but at the same time piqued by probably the only visitors he\'92d had in months.\
	\'93Nope, it\'92s just me.  And I\'92m just here to keep the place kinda clean and stop people from getting in.\'94\
	\'93So in the entire park, there are no lines?\'94 Ethel asked.\
	The man smiled.  \'93Yeah, guess not.\'94\
	\'93And there\'92s no one here to keep an eye on you?\'94  Harriet asked.\
	\'93It\'92s a small park, they trust me.\'94\
	\'93So what you\'92re saying is, you\'92re sitting in this little box, reading a magazine.  And behind you, there is an entire fully functional amusement park, hidden from all authority?\'94\
\
	The guard\'92s name was Dave, and he had keys to everything.\
	\'93I actually do this alot.\'94 he explained as he fiddled with a circuit breaker inside a small shack.  The park was hauntingly empty.  Everywhere hung hyperbolic Christmas decor; garland, tinsel, lifesize wooden reindeer, a monolith Santa Clause standing atop a cane-stripped slide.  \'93The rides should be alot easier to operate with someone on the ground working the controls.\'94  Dave flipped a switch, and the whole park lit up and began to slowly creak into motion like a aging record player.\
	Ethel clapped her hands happily.  \'93Dave, will there be funnel cake?\'94\
	\'93Hell yeah there\'92s going to be funnel cake.  You think I take a spin on the carousel without a funnel cake?\'94  Dave approached a row of vendor shops decorated like the log cabin bunkers we have been lead to believe elves live in, and began lifting their roll-top covers as the passengers dispersed and wandered into the park.  \
	Tom switched on a large fryer as Dave proceeded to retrieve some batter from a large industrial refrigerator.  \'93So . . . what the hell are you guys doing?\'94\
	\'93Li-living our goddamn lives.\'94  The unbelievably smooth flow of the day mixed with the promise of funnel cake was having a positive effect on Tom.\
	\'93Sweet, me too.\'94 Dave replied.  \'93Not enough people doing that.\'94 He took a big fingerfull of batter and directed it towards his mouth, conveying a look of indulgent ecstasy.  \
	\'93Does the batter taste good?\'94\
	\'93No, not really.\'94 he admitted.  As the oil begain to sizzle Dave directed a small stream of the batter into it in spirals.  The bubbling pool sizzled as the tan goop congealed and floated in the boiling sea of oil like mystical sea creatures.\
	A couple booths down, Ben was scrapping frantically at the inside of a cotton candy machine.  Tom felt inclined, and rather obligated to help him, but he seemed to be doing alright.   A blue ribbon of flossy sugar began to float like wispy sails out of the machine.  Ben danced back and forth, catching them on a rolled paper tube, like butterflies.\
	\'93What on your face, Ben?\'94 Tom called to him.  Ben pointed to his cheek with his free hand, which appeared to be blazoned with paint, and made a pawing motion with his hand.\
	\'93It\'92s a tiger!\'94 Ariel answered, who was abruptly standing in front of the funnel cake stand.  She held a pallette of grease paint.  \'93You know I used to paint faces at the church carnivals.  Lots of crosses and mountains.  I never got to do anything so 
\i ferocious
\i0 !\'94  Ariel herself had a sort of sun drawn on her forehead, clearly created without the aid of a mirror.  \'93What can I paint on you, Tom?\'94\
	\'93Do the Spiderman thing.\'94 Dave suggested, crossing his face with his fingers.  \'93Like you\'92ve got the mask on.\'94\
	Tom shook his head hesitantly.  \'93That\'92s seems little intense. I don\'92t know if I want anything like that.\'94\
	\'93Here Tom.\'94 Ariel leaned across the counter with the palette, dabbing a makeup brush into the red paint.  Beneath each of Tom\'92s eyes she painted a single streak.  \'93Today you are a warrior!\'94  She continued the lines down his cheeks, to the outer sides of his eyes.  \'93I know, this must be terribly disorienting for you.  I\'92m sure it goes against everything you\'92ve ever done.  But you\'92re doing so well!\'94\
	\'93I-it\'92s happening quite naturally.\'94 Tom said, flinching.  The paint was cold.  \
	\'93I want the Spiderman if you\'92re not going to do it.\'94 Dave insisted.  \'93Let me finish my funnel cake first so I don\'92t get paint all over it.\'94\
	\
	Tom, Dave, Ariel, and Ben collected Harriet (who had been trying to operate a roller coaster herself), and finally Ehtel, who had wheeled herself directly to the base of the Ferris wheel and had been sitting quietly ever since.\
	\'93Here you are Ethel.\'94 Ariel said as she crouched before her, swiping a thick stroke of black grease paint.  Delicately she applied three whiskers to each side of Ethel\'92s face, as well as two pointed ears at the corners of her forehead.    \
	\'93Am I adorable?\'94 Ethel asked.  \
	\'93Oh ABsolutely!\'94 Ariel replied.  \
	Dave began flipping switches and pressing buttons at a control panel near the giant wheel, and as he did so, music began to emanate from the platform as the wheel began to creak and trundle.\
	\'93Ok two at a time.  Pull the bar down all the way.  Ma\'92am, please sit down, that\'92s not safe.\'94\
	Tom leaned over and lifted Ethel from her wheelchair - she couldn\'92t possibly have weighed more than eighty pounds - and assisted her to a carriage.  Setting her gently against the back of the seat, he pulled the safety bar down as the ferris wheel lunged them smoothly upward.  The breeze up looked like it might choke Ethel, the air so heavy against her pale, nightgowned frame, but as they slowed to a stop at the wheel\'92s apex Tom could hear Ethel laughing.  It was midday and the sun shown down upon the city and foothills like a spotlight, revealing everything evenly, leaving no shadow.  The carriage rocked gently back and forth like a cradle.\
	\'93You know Tom, I can\'92t remember the last time I was on a ferris wheel.  I can\'92t remember the first time either.\'94\
	\'93You can remember times in the middle though?  Some time?\'94\
	\'93I think so,\'94 she chuckled, \'93you know, I feel like I\'92m losing a little bit more each day.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s . . . that\'92s too bad.\'94\
	\'93No, not really, you know Tom, there are alot of memories I miss, like the ferris wheels and carnivals.  But there\'92s alot of other memories just sitting around, talking up space.  You know how they make sure we keep our rooms at the house clean?  So there\'92s not alot of useless empty boxes and whatnot sitting around?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, sure.\'94\
	\'93Well you\'92ve got to treat your mind the same way, Tom.  If there\'92s something getting in your way, you\'92ve got to get rid of it.  It doesn\'92t matter where it came from.  You know, each morning when I wake up, my room\'92s a little cleaner.  I\'92ve held on to maybe . . . one or two things, of sincere importance, but let go of everything else.  Its a good thing Tom.  Everyday there\'92s a little more space for me to work with.\'94\
	The wheel pulled backwards, and began to spin swiftly in circles, fast enough to excite but gentle enough not to disorient.  \
	\'93May I suggest something Tom?\'94 Ethel asked.  The patterns of shadows from the ferris wheel bars danced across her face as the wind fluttered the remaining whisps of her white blue hair.  \'93When you wake up from now on, do so in an empty room.\'94\
	The Ferris wheel slowed to a stop, and when Ethel reached the bottom, she lay lifelessly against the back of the carriage, a look of peace across her face.  Gently Tom lifted her from the seat and placed her back in her wheelchair.  Dave didn\'92t notice as he let the passangers off one by one, back onto the platform.  He stood idly scratching red paint from the inside of his ear.\
	\'93Ok guys, we have to go.\'94 Tom announced.  He motioned discretely to Harriet by shaking Ethel\'92s chair lightly back and forth.\
	Harriet exited the platorm and hobbled down thin metal stairs as quickly as she could.  \'93Alright everyone,\'94 she chimed in, \'93Back to the van . . .\'94\
	\'93You guys leaving?\'94 Dave asked, setting his funnel cake down on the control panel.  \'93I\'92m just getting warmed up!\'94\
	\'93Sorry Dave, we have a busy day.  I hope you understand.\'94 \
	\'93Definitely.  Life doesn\'92t slow down for anyone.\'94  Helping the last passenger out of the cart, he sat down in an empty cart, and struck the power lever with his foot.  \'93You guys come back any time.\'94\
	\'93We will!\'94 Ariel yelled after him as they darted through the tiny snow villiage, back to the bus.\
	\
	In heaven, Ethel realized she was standing.  The nightgown that she had been wearing had been replaced by the sun dress she hadn\'92t seen in twenty years.\
	Ahead of her was a crazy bustle of voices, shouting.  Soothsayers attempted to calm the situation, while others lied on their stomachs, pushing their faces through the clouds.  \
	\'93Well isn\'92t this lively.\'94 Ethel said aloud.  For the first time in a while she knew she was making a pun.\
	Gregory ran up to her, explaining things in a quick but more practiced manner.  Helen and Victor stood proudly by, exchanging sly smiles with Ethel over the boy\'92s exuberance.\
	\'93Well I hope 
\i I\'92m
\i0  not the cause of all this fuss.\'94 Ethel wandered into the crowd of people where the heated argument was centered.  \
	\'93And I\'92m saying you should be quiet!\'94 the angry man boomed at a group of teenagers.  Behind him stood other men and women, nodding in agreement to his words.  \'93You\'92re being completely impolite by talking aloud in front of others like this.\'94  \
	\'93Who?\'94 one asked, \'93Stacie, Eric, or Ryan?\'94\
	\'93I am NOT calling you by the silly names you\'92ve made up, and I\'92m not - \'94\
	\'93Bradley,\'94 Ethel asked the man, \'93Bradley, is that you?\'94\
	The man paused mid sentance and looked at Ethel.\
	\'93Oh Bradley, if I had told you just how many people told me to let you go.\'94 Ehtel approached the man slowly, her eyes watering, embracing him fully, \'93If you knew just how close I was to doing so, but I never did.  Of all things, I never forgot you Bradley.\'94\
	\
	The van was a safe distance away, in a park-and-ride off the highway.\
	\'93Ok.\'94 Tom said.  \'93Ok.\'94  The car was rolling in circles around the big empty parking lot.\
	Ariel had smuggled a palette of oil paint out of the park and was painting a giant stag on the right side of Harriet\'92s face - its antlers were wildly exaggerated, and wrapped across Harriet\'92s nose and eyes, to the other side of her face.\
	\'93Tom, I\'92m gettin Hungry.\'94 Ariel called.  \'93Think we could get lunch?\'94\
	\'93Yes, I could definitely go for some food.\'94\
	\'93You know what I could really go for?\'94 Ariel mused, \'93An Orange Julius and a Chicken Basket from the Dairy Queen.\'94\
	Tom looked in the rearview mirror at Harriet, Ariel, and Ben; then also to what used to be Rodger and Ethel.  \'93If that\'92s fine with everyone.\'94\
	There were two yeses and a nod.\
	\'93The Lakeline Mall has both, about ten feet apart from eachother.\'94 Ariel added.\
	Tom speed up and rocketed out of the lot onto the freeway, the air drying the paint on everyone\'92s faces.\
\
	Tom peered in the windows of the van, as it sat in the mall parking lot.  The afternoon sun was waning into diagonal tangents, illuminating the inside of the van.\
	\'93Can you see them?\'94\
	\'93Not really I don\'92t think.\'94\
	\'93Come on Tom, godammit.  Leave that fear in the van, my funnel cake is starting to wear off.\'94\
	The inside of that mall was crowded for a week day - Tom remembered that school had probably just been let out for the year.  Kids everywhere hung to the counters of various fast food stops, shooting inquisitive glances to other groups of kids, talking and joking with each other in ways that Tom found difficult to place into clear-cut categories of aggression and affection.\
	\'93Oh no, are we having flash backs Tom?\'94 Harriet jabbed.  \'93Was High School your Nam?\'94\
	\'93No everything went just fine.\'94 Tom retorted.  \'93Besides I\'92m an adult now.\'94\
	\'93What, these kids?\'94 Ariel asked.  \'93They\'92re harmless.  Just a bunch of mall rats.\'94  Ariel sashayed up to the counter of the Orange Julius.  Behind the counter a boy in tight black jeans sat on the edge of an ice tray in front a row of fountain drink dispensers.  Two girls chirping merrily hung on the frame of a door to a back room, and watching out of the corner of their eyes to see if Ariel was only browsing, or intended to purchase.  \
	\'93You must be Tommy.\'94 Ariel said to the boy on the ice tray.  \'93You\'92re not wearing your tame tag.\'94\
	Tommy slid off the counter and straightened his shirt.  \'93You . . . did Rodney?\'94\
	\'93Oh, I\'92ve known Rodney a very long time.  And I can tell you that if he were here he\'92d be throwing a fit.\'94\
	Tommy made a knowing glance to the girls by the door, who immediately straightened up and began to make themselves look busy with a pair of bleach-stained rags.\
	\'93Well first of all, I\'92m gonna need a large Orange with Immunity booster.  But before you make it change the sugar water, I can here the syrup spout clicking.\'94\
	One of the girls darted into the back room and began fussing with a large mess of tubes and syrup packages.\
	\'93Now, what will you three be having?  I\'92m going to warn against the hot dogs.\'94\
	The three inspected the menu carefully.\
	\'93Oh, ya\'92ll don\'92t know what you\'92re doing.  Ok we\'92re going to need a large Fruitasia with chunks of banana in it, a medium strawberry and pineapple with some frozen yogurt and drizzles of raspberry on top, and a large Chocolate Mocha with extra chocolate syrup.\'94\
	\'93Ah, none of those are on the menu.\'94 Tommy said, pointing to the large plastic placard Ariel had bade the group to ignore.  \
	\'93Also its not called a Fruitasia any more.  They changed the name after the hurricanes in Southeast Asia.\'94\
	\'93Now that is the damn 
\i stupidest
\i0  thing I\'92ve ever heard.\'94  Harriet contested.\
	\'93The tag line was \'91A tsunami of real fruit flavor\'94.\
	\'93Damn sensitive bastards.\'94\
	\'93Tell me about it.\'94 Tommy said.  \'93They took the banana out of it when they changed the name too.  What the hell, right?\'94\
	\'93You\'92re telling me.\'94  Harriet agreed.  \'93You\'92re going to let them tell you how to make drinks because they don\'92t want to offend the Chinese?!\'94\
	\'93Hell no!\'94 Tommy said, \'93Well, no, not entirely.  I mean, I\'92m not doing it to offend the Chinese.\'94\
	\'93What else have you guys been making?\'94 Ariel asked.  \'93You don\'92t have to lie to me Tommy, I know how it works.  You may not believe it, but long ago I worked here.  I worked here for years.  Of anything I ever did it was my favorite job and you know why?\'94\
	\'93Not the money, right?\'94  Tommy laughed.  The girls from the back room, their guard lowered, joined him at the front counter.\
	\'93Heavens no!\'94 Ariel laughed in retort.  \'93Because of the freedom!  There\'92s alot worse work to be doing on your summer vacation then hanging out in the mall, drinking free smoothies.  And part of the fun was experimenting with new drinks.  I always thought that when deciding new drinks, they should come and talk to the people who worked here.  Who would know how to make a better smoothie than a bunch of bored teenagers surrounded by ingredients and blenders?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s EXACTLY what 
\i we
\i0  say!\'94 one of the girls chimed in.  \'93We joke all the time about leaving and making our own smoothie shop.\'94\
	\'93One that puts banana in the Fruitasia.\'94 the second girl added.\
	Tommy wandered around the fruit bin with three blenders clutched in his left hand, scooping heaping piles of strawberries and orange juice into their open tops, his hand already caked with all sorts of liquified fruits.  All three workers smelled of strawberries and had Pollock-esque splatters of various fruits down the fronts of their shirts.  As Tommy dumped heaping scoops of smoothie powder into the blenders, clouds of white dust billowed out and around them.\
	Ariel inhaled deeply.  \'93Its like I never left.\'94  Complacently she set into place the crooked lid of a nearby straw dispenser.  \'93You know, this place is a very complex entity.\'94\
	\'93This Orange Julius?\'94\
	\'93Well, yes, but on a larger scale, this mall.  Its all interconnected into its own strange society.  Just coming here occasionally isn\'92t enough to realize that.  You spend alot of time here, you start to notice new things.  The way everything works together.\'94\
	\'93Its true.\'94 one of the girls said, leaning over the counter with a handful of straws.  \'93Did you notice the king of the mall is here?\'94\
	\'93Oh I didn\'92t!  Can you point him out to me?\'94\
	The girl pointed to a early twenties man standing by the bathroom\'92s entrance with a long ponytail, dark reflective sunglasses, and a leather trenchcoat.\
	Ariel began to laugh.  \'93Oh, that\'92s a new one.  The king looked different when I was hear.\'94\
	\'93Who is the king of the mall?\'94 Tom asked.  \'93And how is he . . . appointed?\'94\
	\'93The king is the leader of the mallrats.\'94 Tommy said.\
	\'93There\'92s always been one.\'94 Ariel added.  \'93The mallrats need an older gent to flock to, one that can buy them cigarettes and alcohol, teach them in the ways of life after high school.  But its important that this person is also as immature and petty as a teenager.  So this man here, who would never be able to relate to people his own age, has found a niche area of society where he has been declared king.\'94\
	\'93 Its sort of poetic, really.\'94 added one of the girls.  \'93Even though that guy is a total douche, he serves a purpose.  For instance, you\'92ll never find mallrats around the Gap.  That\'92s because all the pretty girls the King went to high school with work there, and he doesn\'92t want to be seen with his legion.  And that works out perfectly because the Gap doesn\'92t want mallrats.\'94\
	\'93But there\'92s 
\i more
\i0 \'94 the other girl said, leaning in.  \'93With the mallrats gone, all the girls come and try and clothes with their friends.  But when there\'92s a bunch of girls in there, the janitors come stand in front of the store and watch them, just mopping the same part of the floor 
\i over and over again.
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Now this makes the woman that runs the Celtic Treasures kiosk angry.  She\'92s like, either jealous - \'94\
	\'93Or the janitors are blocking 
\i her
\i0  view of the Gap!\'94 Tommy interjected.\
	\'93Yes, there are several theories.\'94 the second girl continued.  \'93Anyway, she\'92ll get all flustered and call the security guards, always something about the perverted janitors raping young girls with their eyes.  It is pretty creepy, after all.  So the guards will come and hassle the janitors, and keep an eye on that general area.\'94\
	\'93And THAT means that the security guards are too preoccupied to keep an eye on the mallrats.\'94 the first girl concluded.  \'93They\'92re free to smoke, yell profanity, and basically be themselves with no intervention.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s a very delicate ecosystem.\'94 the second girl rung her rag out into a gutter built into the orange-plastic floor.  The water could be heard trickling through the floor beneath them and through pipes somewhere behind the walls.  \
	Ariel grabbed the four smoothies off the counter and distributed them amongst Tom, Ben, Harriet, and herself.  \'93Its a complex entity.  And like I said, not just this Orange Julius, but also not just this mall.  Do you see the way relationships play their way into everything, Tom?  Nothing is disconnected from the whole.  You may think of yourself as separate, but you\'92re just as caught up in it as all of us.  You always have been.\'94  Ariel reacher her hand into a bucket of orange halves sitting on the counter beside a juicer.  \'93And everyone is just waiting for someone to set the whole thing spinning.\'94\
	Ariel held an orange half up to the workers of Orange Julius.  \'93Do you know what we used to do with these?\'94\
	\'93Juice them?\'94 Tommy asked blankly.\
	\'93
\i No.  
\i0 You know that Dairy Queen across from us here?\'94\
	All three began to smile.\
	\'93They have limes.\'94 the first girl said.\
	\'93We\'92re 
\i really
\i0  not 
\i supposed
\i0  to.\'94 the second girl said, \'93And even if we 
\i did
\i0  it has to be really slow, not like now -\'94\
	Without much hesitation Ariel launched the orange at a truly remarkable speed directly into the Dairy Queen - a boy behind the counter demonstrating the structural integrity of a blizzard moved his head out of the way just in time as the fruit made a loud 
\i THUNK
\i0  against soft serve machine.\
	A large rotund woman emerged furiously from the back room, her Bouffant hairdo held down by a drive-thru headset.  Enraged, the woman scanned the crew of Orange Julius, but her anger subsided when she saw Ariel - a mutual smile spread across their faces, and suddenly the woman thrust her hand into an open canisters, pulling with it a half dozen or so sliced limes.  \
	Ariel went in for more oranges as a fistful of limes peppered the counter top of Orange Julius like errant machine gun bullets.  The occupants of the crowded food court watched at first in horror, then in fascination, as Ariel reached into the bucket for more oranges.\
	\'93Embrace the complexity!\'94 Ariel hollered loudly to Tom, tossing extra oranges to the workers behind her.  Tommy emerged from the back room with another five gallon bucket as teenager and adult alike turned their attention to the two fast food shops, clearing the path between them.  \
	\'93I knew we\'92d meet again!\'94 the woman with the bouffant called to Ariel.  \'93I hope you know - this is where it ends.\'94  \
	They were both chuckling uncontrollably.  Ariel raised an orange in her right fist, and the workers behind her followed suit.  The woman at Dairy Queen raised a fistfull of limes, as did the matching line of workers behind her.  \
	\'93Grab some damn fruit Tom!\'94 Harriet insisted, removing a jug of sliced strawberries from behind the counter.  Tom shoved his arm elbow deep into the vat, retrieving a gooey mess of strawberries.  \
	\'93CHARGE!\'94 Ariel screeched, and as she let launch another sling of oranges, shouts of protest and camaraderie alike rang through the food court as people everywhere dashed to either leave or join into the soggy fruit cresendo sailing above the white and grey tiled floor.  \
	There were slices of pizza, chicken sandwiches, double cheeseburgers and Pepsi, god, so much Pepsi.  Cartons of Red Hots burst in the sky like a sucrose fireworks, frenchfries pounded the linoleum like a monsoon, and Tom stood in the middle of all of it cradling a tub of mashed blueberries, staining passerbys with bright colbalt smears, as teenagers, children, and a surprising number of adults ran cheering through the food court, picking up scraps from the floor, feverishly purchasing more food to be thrown.  \
	Ariel caught Tom by the elbow, pointed out the window that lead to the suspended balcony.  On it a crowd of people stood, appalled, looking into the mess inside.\
	\'93You see those people?\'94 she said.  \'93Those people are making excuses.  FUCK EXCUSES.  You don\'92t get anything that way.\'94\
	\'93Participation!\'94 Harriet seconded.  \'93It doesn\'92t matter if it hurts!\'94\
	\'93THIS IS COMBAT TRAINING!\'94 the King of the Mall declared, smashing a handful of raspberries into Tom\'92s forehead before laughing hysterically.  \'93This is the best day of my life.\'94 he sighed, shaking Tom\'92s hand.  \'93Free cigs and now this.  FUCK!\'94\
	Tom knew what was coming, and had not lost himself too completely to forget it.  As he saw Ariel begin to stagger he collected the wheelchair he had seen sitting by the entrance, and circled around behind her just as she collapsed.\
	\'93Harriet!  Ben!  We\'92re done here!\'94 he shouted as he made his way to the door.  The crowd failed to notice as the three and Ariel burst through the double doors laughing, stained from head to toe with smears of fruit and other foodstuffs, their face paint blurring in with it all.  Pushing off the wheelchair like a skateboard Tom balanced himself upon the handles and rode the chair down the hill of the parking lot, to the van.  \'93Hurry hurry!\'94 he insisted as Harriet helped him lift Ariel into her seat, strapping her in.\
	\'93Nobody smells yet, that\'92s good.\'94 Harriet commented as the three pulled themselves hurriedly into the van, Tom fumbling with the keys, at last clunking the van into drive.  \
	\'93Watch the chair!\'94 Harriet called to Tom, who swerved but still managed to clip the wheelchair that was still rolling down the sharp incline of the parking lot, shattering the right headlamp of the van.\
	\'93Don\'92t stop!\'94 Harriet yelled as they shot quickly back onto the street and sped away.\
\
	In heaven, Ariel checked her blouse for bits of fruit, and found none.  \
	\'93Rdoger!  Ethel!\'94 she hollered into the crowd ahead of her.  They waved politely back, beckoning her to join them.  A group of people ran to Ariel to begin explaining things, while Gregory Helen and Vincent remained listening to Ehtel and Bradley.  The man was seated now, calmly discussing things with Ethel, a confused look on his furrowed brow.\
	\'93I don\'92t remember any part of it, not the normal way.  I can\'92t place events or faces, all I can remember are feelings.\'94\
	\'93Feelings like when you look at me?\'94 Ethel asked.\
	\'93Yes, I feel a feeling I remember when I look at you.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s enough.\'94 Ethel said.  \'93That\'92s all memory is really good for.\'94\
\
	\'93Who\'92s next?\'94 Tom called to the backseat.\
	\'93Ben, where do you want to go?\'94  Harriet asked him.\
	\'93Probably no use.\'94 Tom sighed.  \'93I\'92ve never heard that man utter a single word.\'94\
	The sun was beginning to set over the interstate; the passengers, or what was left of them, had never been so far away from the group home.  Ben sat peacefully in his chair starring out the jagged broken windows, the spring breeze pushing in the sweet smell of flowers from a nearby field.\
	\'93Ben!\'94 Tom called, craning his neck to look at the man.  Shaken from his quiet meditation, Ben turned to Tom and clasped his hands politely, widening his eyes as if to say \'91I\'92m listening\'92.\
	\'93Where do you want to go.\'94 Tom asked again.\
	Ben began to think.  Out the window passed a large field of wild grass, the sun beginning to sink into it.  He extended his finger and pointed out to it, at no particular place.\
	\'93Where?\'94 Tom asked.  \'93Where are you pointing to Ben?\'94\
	\'93Just pull over you damn fool.\'94\
	Tom slowed the van off the highway, through the cheese-grater wake-up strip onto a gravely turn off beside where the road meet a steel-girder fence.  \
	\'93Here?\'94 Tom asked, looking back at Ben.\
	Ben stood and fidgeted the passenger door open.  Tom and Harriet exited with him, following him along to the break in the fence that lead out to the large open meadow.  The sun cut in the sharpest angle through the valley, tinting the fields yellow, punctuated only with the infinite black shadows of the three remaining passengers.  Ben wandered out into the center of the field, until it was hard to see the van.  He smiled at Tom and Harriet and nodded, smiling a serene, bemused grin.  There he stood in silence, starring out into the setting sun.  All around the group was grass, flowers and other unknown plants; and in the quiet of the far-removed highway field the group could hear their deep rusting and breathing.  Facing the setting sun Ben outstretched his arms as if he was catching sunlight and held there like that for a moment, before collapsing backwards into the soft grass below.\
\
	From heaven Ben watched Harriet and Tom struggle to load the body he had left behind into the wheelchair and push it through the thick flora back to the van, their efforts hampered by the fading light.\
	\'93Over here Ben!\'94 Ariel called to him.  So many people lie on their stomachs in the vast clouded plateau it looked much like nap time in a preschool, only a few people still sat upright.  Those that did made nervous chit-chat with each other, discussing mainly the Tom and his fated passangers, but occasionally things they remembered as well.  An intent curiosity pressed itself upon the space and Ben remained quiet in respect of it.\
\
	The road before the van became dark and soon was unfamiliar to the two remaining passengers.  This situation was not helped by the right headlight that refused to work after its collision with the shopping cart.  \
	\'93Harriet,\'94 Tom called.  His chest seemed heavy, somehow.  His neck also seemed to be falling asleep, a strange feeling he tried to alleviate by stretching his neck from side to side.\
	\
	\'93Oh no,\'94 Gregory said aloud, popping his head out of the clouds.  \'93I wasn\'92t even thinking about it but, Tom should have taken his pill an hour ago or more.\'94\
	Those within earshot also sprang their heads up with a look of abject surprise.  \'93Is that bad Gregory?\'94 a man near him asked.  \'93What happened when you stopped taking the pills?\'94\
	\'93What are these pills you\'92re talking about, that Tom is taking?\'94 Rodger asked, the rest of the passengers looking on in confusion.\
	\
	\'93Harriet, where are we going?\'94  His neck was beginning to tingle in the most peculiar way.\
	Harriet was leaned against the wall of the van directly behind Tom, as always, but for once spoke quietly.\
	\'93Anywhere is fine, Tom\'94 she closed her eyes as in a half sleep, \'93The whole damn time that\'92s all I\'92ve been telling you.  Anywhere is fine, its what you do with the anywhere that matters.\'94  Harriet cozied herself into the molded plastic wall, attempting to find comfort in the inflexible piece.  \'93I think its just you now Tom.  Don\'92t disappoint me.\'94  Harriet became silent, and Tom was alone.\
	All of heaven looked down on Tom watching the streets in a reverential silence, a piercing tension filling the space.\
	The wheels beneath Tom made a rubbery purr on the pavement, quite audible through the broken windshield and windows; the road he rolled down was now completely barren and unfamiliar.  The paint and food smeared across him was now dry and creased everywhere it touched skin with sticky ripples forged from laugh lines and labor, of carrying and throwing things in ways that Tom was still recounting - the day had been long and there were still parts of it he was remembering hours later, like lost childhood anecdotes that resurfaced years later to make you smile.  And now - the single remaining headlamp shone a bright vignette into the road ahead of Tom, illuminating only one necessary piece of landscape at a time, the cool spring breeze blowing straight through him.\
	Tom could feel his neck tightening, his breathing becoming hindered - letting out a small, private chuckle, he pushed his foot onto the gas pedal and the van roared like a lion-drawn chariot as it accelerated into the uncharted depth of blackness before him.\
	\
	In heaven Tom stood silently, confused at first.  As his eyes adjusted to the breaking daylight he could see an enormous crowd of people before him, and then faces - Harriet, Ethel, Ben, every one of his passengers.  The people standing behind them were unfamiliar to Tom but they smiled warmly as if he were an old friend, one they had been waiting to see for quite some time.  \
	\'93Welcome home, Tom!\'94 hollered a young boy near the front of the crowd, and the entire place erupted into applause and cheer.\
	Tom was not sure where he was, but as he could tell, it was the friendliest place he had ever had the pleasure of finding.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 THE END.}