{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=2826, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17540\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 This Town Doesn\'92t Need Two Doctors\
\
Molly had been dead in a minivan parked at a stop sign for eight and a half hours.  The intersection was barren, snowy and void of trees, houses, or an thing of varying color or texture to seperate the eggshell sky from fields that lined the roads.  The car was in park, the turn signal on, and Molly, she was hunched over the wheel, her sleeve up on the dash, wet with condensation.\
	The road Molly intended to turn on to was a narrow two way street that lead from town to a host of new subdivisions that were close to the lake but twenty miles away from the nearest grocery store.  People went to strange lengths, Molly thought, for a pretty view - excessive, even, with this weather.  She thought of more appropriate verbs as she wiped fog from the inside of her windshield with her sleeve.\
\'93Extraneous\'94\
\'93Ignorant\'94\
\'93Idiotic\'94\
	Molly parked at the stopsign because there was never traffic, on either street, and especially at this time of the day, and her stupid heater wasn\'92t going hard enough and she couldn\'92t see a thing anyway, so why not put on some lipstick.  \
	Molly was not that young, really, as she saw it.  But then again she wasn\'92t old in the traditional, negative sense.  She was, she thought, at an age and maturity level that she had generally desired, had looked forward too, but was being let down by somehow.  She didn\'92t seem to be ready for it, or it came at the wrong time of her life.  She thought about it alot.  She couldn\'92t decide exactly what was wrong.  \
	Molly looked in the rearview mirror.  she was definitely at the right age for lipstick.  When she was younger it looked strange on her, she could tell she was too young for it despite wanting to wear it so badly, and all her friends already carrying all sorts of colors and flavors with them.  Big dangly, noisy keychains.  She was the only girl in middle school whose lips were made of flesh and not some fruity substitute.  She had had nothing to smear on the lips of prospective boys at the dance that ended at nine o\'92clock.  She was on that edge, she thought, almost that girl, but the lack of lipstick, the sincerity of her, it just wasn\'92t good promotion.  \
	Molly was buzzed conscious by her cell phone, calling attention to itself in the change dish beneath the stereo.  \'93Steve\'94 she thought.  It was like he knew when she deterred from her normal path.  She looked around her car halfheartedly for what she figured a GPS device would look like.  Nothing was beeping or flashing or anything.  She gave up and opened the message.\
	\'93Please get eggs <3\'94 \
	Molly was angry.  She closed the phone abruptly in a dramatic show for the steering wheel and some \
\
\
Flesh owned by an ungrateful man\
Bones are all she owns, greyish crack from where she broke her leg riding her bike.\
Maybe the snow is just bones }