{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=6028, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 How I Met My Second Wife\
by Nick Anderson\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	I had been dead for six months by the time I got my handheld.\
	\'93Sorry,\'94 the delivery man had said, standing by the bench where my last apartment was.  Someone had moved in now, but I still liked to hang around it in the evening.\
	The first thing I asked was about the purple casing on it.\
	\'93That\'92s the way those ones come.\'94 the man explained.  \'93Also why it took so long.\'94\
	I shrugged.  It didn\'92t bother me that much, I was just curious.\
	\'93You flip the cover up,\'94 the man demonstrated for me, holding the bulky remote.  \'93And you press the button.\'94 \
	\'93As many times as I want?\'94\
	\'93Whenever you feel like it.  No batteries, nothin.\'94\
	Very straightforward.   I signed the man\'92s clipboard and he wandered away down my street, a whole clunky bag of devices slung around his shoulder.\
	\'93You finally get it Henry?\'94  Benjamin asked.  He had been sitting near the stoop all day, just pressing the button on his handheld about every twelve seconds.  He had a glazed over look in his eyes, his face crusty from a bit of poor maintenance before he passed.  Most of us looked this way, it wasn\'92t our fault.  We had been sick or just very old, too old for dignity.  I personally had gone very young - caught a truck bumper to the face.  The steel had just begun to pierce my forehead when I died from the impact, so i got off pretty lucky - just a small gash I had to reapply a band aid to every couple of days.  \
	\'93Don\'92t start taking after him.\'94 Marian called to me, hobbling a little with urgency.  She had been old but not that old.  She\'92d fallen down some concrete steps and hit all the wrong parts on the way down.  \'93Have you even pressed it yet?\'94\
	\'93No.\'94 I replied.\
	\'93Good.\'94 she sighed.  \'93Show some self control.\'94\
	\'93Alright, about time!\'94 Riley said, offering me a high five.  He had been eighteen when he died.  It was alcohol related.  His eyes were bloated nearly shut and always appeared like he had just taken a blow to the face - other than that, he could easily pass for alive.  \'93What do you think it\'92ll be?\'94\
	\'93Orgasm.\'94 Benjamin insisted.\
	\'93Orgasm.\'94 Riley echoed.\
	\'93You boys don\'92t - \'94 Marian waved their suggestions away with her twisted hands.\
	\'93Even yours is an orgasm.\'94 Riley said, slyly flipping open the cover of Marian\'92s device.\
	\'93I told you it\'92s NOT.\'94 Marian was supremely defensive in this matter.  \'93I told you its a thing 
\i like
\i0  an orgasm, but its not.  It\'92s 
\i love
\i0 .\'94\
	\'93Its the same.\'94 Benjamin insisted.  \'93You only think its different because you\'92re a woman.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, every woman I ever \'91loved\'92 thought the same way.\'94  Riley humped the air in front of him, caressing some mass of invisible hair.  \'93Oh!  I love you!  I love you!\'94\
	\'93And how many girls was 
\i that
\i0  in the sum of eighteen years?\'94\
	\'93
\i So
\i0  many.\'94\
	\'93Just press it Henry.\'94  Benjamin was the most curious of any of them.  \'93Press it and just tell us.  You can go around the corner, we won\'92t watch.  It was weird for me the first time, definitely.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, blowin\'92 a load in the street.\'94 Riley seconded.  \'93Everyone watchin\'92.\'94\
	\'93There\'92s no - \'94 Benjamin looked sympathetically to Marian, who looked as though she was about to walk away.  \'93Its not like that.  There\'92s no physical . . . you know.  
\i Connection
\i0  to what\'92s going on.\'94\
	I flipped up the cover and inspected the button.  Big and red, like a movie.  I wonder who thought that\'92d be funny.  I turned to my side just a little bit and braced myself like when there\'92s not handle to grab on the bus, and pressed the button.\
	I sighed.\
	\'93Orgasm.\'94  Riley said.  \'93Definitely.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s - its not though.\'94  I flexed my fist which had become soggy and unresponsive.  \'93It made me feel - sleepy.\'94\
	Ben and Riley looked at me in abject horror.\
	\'93That\'92s it?\'94 Riley protested.  \'93You felt 
\i sleepy
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93It was the most - 
\i amazing 
\i0 thing.\'94\
	\'93No, no, feeling sleepy isn\'92t amazing.\'94  Benjamin protested, \'93Listen Henry, it\'92s not the same as what we - I mean, a man\'92s got a right - a 
\i right
\i0  to this feeling.\'94\
	\'93And I suppose its his right to look at whoever he wants when he\'92s doing it as well.\'94 Marin yelled.  \'93Like a damn animal in heat.  God forbid there\'92s one man here that doesn\'92t reason the way you think he ought to.\'94\
	\'93Even still, 
\i tired
\i0 ?\'94 Ben asked her.  \'93That\'92s what you think this boy deserves?\'94\
	I held the button in with my thumb.  It kept going.  Their voices faded out and became dull noise.\
	\'93Look, he\'92s going to sleep right now.\'94  Riley shook my arm.  \'93What are you supposed to do with that?\'94\
	Benjamin had stopped another one of us that was walking down the street, a mid thirties man with his handheld suspended by a lanyard around his neck.  \
	\'93Sleepy?\'94 the man asked me, shocked.  \'93I never heard of that one.  I\'92ve heard of 
\i other
\i0  ones, like, success or accomplishment or something, but never 
\i sleepy
\i0 .  Never a 
\i bad
\i0  one.\'94\
	\'93Its not a bad one.\'94 I insisted.  \'93Its - its hard to explain.\'94\
	\'93You hear this?\'94 the man stopped a girl walking around the crowd we\'92d caused.  She wore her handheld around her shoulder to the side like a handbag.  \
	\'93Sleepy?\'94 she asked him.  She diverted course and walked directly up to me, looked me up and down.  She had this faultless white skin, soft red hair.  I couldn\'92t see a thing wrong with her.    \'93Yours makes you feel tired, you mean?\'94  \
	\'93Not tired.\'94 I explained.  \'93Sleepy.\'94\
	\'93Because there\'92s a difference.\'94\
	\'93There is.  And its not just that.  Its a sleepiness that it feel like - that if I wanted to sleep . . . \'93\
	\'93That you could?\'94  She held her device up to me, the same purple casing.  A deep laceration traced its way from the top of her wrist down to the fold of her elbow.  \
	\'93Exactly.\'94\
	Her eyes darted, self-conscious of the people taking us in with confusion.  She grabbed my hand and gave a little tug, a question mark, not a demand.  I allowed it.  As we walked away, myself just a few clunky steps behind her, she fished a roll of electrical tape out of her back pocket and smiled.  Holding our arms up together she drug a long line of tape over our thumbs, over the buttons,  towards our elbows, around and around down our arms like lace.  }