{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=4439}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale117
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Starship\
By Nick Anderson\
\

\b0 	I really thought I was doing myself a favor when I bought the starship.  I\'92d grown up seeing them in movies, imagining what it would be like to own one.  I thought for sure I\'92d have one in my twenties, but when I turned thirty two with an empty garage, I thought I just needed to go for it.\
	Jessica had always thought they were cool.  Not alot of girls did, I really dug that.  Jessica and I used to date.  Well, I don\'92t know that\'92s what you call it, but there was a long period of time when we were both single and living together (she was unemployed, I gave her my spare bedroom).  We used to eat breakfast together; Sugar Smacks, she liked those the best.  I kept a bunch of boxes around.  She\'92d swing her legs in those pink pajama pants and the white fuzz slippers and if you\'92d seen it you\'92d just assumed we were married.\
	Well anyway she moved out, probably about two years ago.  She had the only car and I\'92d just been thinking about all the space in the garage and how I wasn\'92t gonna fill it with more crap, and then I remembered the starship thing from when I was a kid and it just all made sense.  I mean, it was a pretty good excuse.  \
	I don\'92t think anyone actually expected me to buy one though.  \
	\'93Really?\'94 Randy asked me at work.  I took a picture of it with my phone because he didn\'92t believe me.  \'93So that\'92s real subtle eh?  Soon as your wife leaves ya you go and buy a Starship, try and be young and cool again?\'94\
	I don\'92t correct him when he says we were married.  I mean we practically were minus the whole signed-document thing and maybe like the romance part of the marriage.  At least the physical romance, because there definitely was 
\i something
\i0 .  But anyway, Randy doesn\'92t understand because I don\'92t think he\'92s the kind of guy that dreamed about owning a starship some day.  I mean sure, he probably used to zoom around on the playground pretending he was in a rocket ship, same as any other kid, and I\'92m sure he really wanted one at the time.  But there\'92s just a point where most people are like \'93Nope, I didn\'92t really mean that.  I\'92m an adult now, what kind of adult pilots a starship, I bet you can\'92t even get a car seat into the backs of one of those.\'94\
	Luckily, I\'92ve never had to worry about any of that.  It\'92s not that I don\'92t want kids, I\'92m just really busy and with Jessica leaving so recently I just don\'92t think I can even think about that right now.  And I figure by the time I meet a nice lady and feel like settling down I\'92ll be done with payments and be able to trade it in anyhow.  So why the hell not, right?\
	Well it turns out, I\'92m having a little trouble with it.  I mean, the experience is exactly what I expected - I walk out to it on a cool saturday night as the sun is going down - real pretty, just orange and red over the whole sky, and - well, I guess when I was a kid I didn\'92t see myself wearing my favorite Hawaiian t-shirt and sipping a margarita.  But the rest is the same - I get in and flip all the switches, the cockpit closes around me and seals.  Its so quite and the whole sunset is tinted black through the thick windshield.  And then we take off.  I can\'92t really see the ground because of this extreme angle we\'92re at but the sky tears down the middle and pretty soon I\'92m just sitting up there in the black.  Just staring into that black chasm of space with those little star dots that never seem to get any closer or further away.   \
	I don\'92t know, its just not like how I pictured it when I was a kid.  I take real good care of it, wash it every weekend and really stick to schedule with the oil changes - but I\'92m just not taking it out every weekend.  It just isn\'92t a nice feeling like I thought it would be.  I guess what\'92s missing is the magic, the child-like wonder and desire to explore uncharted space, to discover and adventure.  I guess that just leaves at some point.  An adult, I\'92m finding out, can make anything boring.  \
	I really thought we were going to get married, I really did.  I can laugh about it now.  I guess your mind plays tricks on you when you really want something to happen.  When I\'92m in space sometimes I think about her, sometimes even bring photos and just get drunk up there, just bawling and bawling and bawling.  When I pull in I don\'92t open the cockpit til I\'92m inside my garage and sometimes I\'92ll shut the door and just sit there in the dark and pretend like I\'92m in a hangar, before the attack launch, waiting for the click of an electric switch to notify me that I need to leave for someplace now.  }