{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=861, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	Your socks were inside out.\
I sat there on the couch listening to you but also staring at your feet that crossed and uncrossed at on the ottoman, us watching Mystery Science Theater as Nate slept on the couch.  Why did you stay up so late?  Surely I am not that interesting.  \
	It has been barely three weeks - I am holding you in your Greeley apartment, we can hear your brother washing his hands so we lie silently until he finishes, you biting the tip of your tongue with a smile.  We can hear it but can\'92t believe anything occupies the same space as us.  The sun stopped by your curtain insists 1 pm while our embrace still screams midnight, drunk, reckless.  I am sure that it is almost love.  \
\
Tickling her, around her ribs, she pulls the sheets tight to her legs\
\'93Do you not want me to see your legs?\'94\
She shakes her head sadly, denying me eye contact.\
\
The hammer drops mid-kiss, as she embraces me harder than ever, and begins to cry.  I know before she even speaks.  She never really left the last one, she doesn\'92t know where she\'92s going, and I am another variable in an already unsolvable equation.  I speak in simple addition but all she hears is long division.\
\
I get it, its ok.  Two months is hardly worth a sigh but I watch her as her car pulls away thinking about the warm quiet in her, wondering if maybe that\'92s exactly what I needed speeding away back home.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
____________________________\
The thoughts turn me inside out; the pause on the phone where I want to communicate something to you that cannot be said.  Three days ago I held you in bed and we slept like children on Christmas eve, now all I hear is awkward pauses like seventh grade, I am asking you random personality quiz questions cause I just want to hear you talk, and mostly because I need the delicately pleased tremolo in your voice that tells me that you are buying what I\'92m selling, that we are still on the same page, that I am not fucking things up and not realizing it because that would be the worst - I like you so much though I can\'92t say its love yet.  It could be, I think.  It is going that way.  I want to say \'91Please come to Denver and sleep with me again\'92, though I know you will, you have already said so.  I panic.  You will change your mind, you will snap out of it and realize my floors are not swept that my kitchen is not clean, that they will never be.  A constant state of somewhat mess, that is all I an provide. }