{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=46, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17840\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Time  to get drunk and put it into words . . .\
\
	I think I need help still!  I am least a thousand miles an hours faster than whatever I need to be.  I am me and a half.  Slit my stomach and you\'92ll find a series of smaller selfs stacked inside eachother with slightly less detail but just as much charisma.  I could produce arms from my sides like Nataraja.  \
	It is not anything like combat boosts in Perfect Dark!  I am the last frame, the shadow, struggling to keep up with the other self that explodes irradically wielding dual 
\f1\fs24 Farsight XR-120s.  OH ITS POSSIBLE.  It is not pretty but I can do it.  I can write fifty pages in one night.  I can write entire novels in one month.  I can punctuate genius with Nirivam and chase nightmares with ecstasy.  I am the analog, the continuous signal of up down up down, never stopping until the pulse grows thin and deteriorates from being stretched too far.  A few stray thoughts and I am off like a parade float on top of a Lamborghini.  I want to dance and scream and I want it to make sense, I want it to auto-tune to a melody you want to hear but I can\'92t, I can\'92t force sense out of these nonsensical loops running through my heart.  Its a discordant symphony beating me like the bully that told me \'93Wrangler jeans AREN\'92T cool!\'94, catching my Southern drawl like \'93Where the FUCK did you come from\'94 throwing snowballs covered in ice and I want to fucking CRY its so beautiful, its so necessary, this atomic heart, this cliche magic trick that pulls yards of colored scarves from my mouth and the burning in my esophagus is not from from whiskey, its from FRICTION.  When I open up it releases heat like a thousand ovens baking oatmeal cookies, and it feels good.  So maybe an antidote isn\'92t what a need, maybe the solution are these in and out breaths that alternately fan and smother the fire in my chest.  Its not a DISORDER, its a PROCESS mother fucker.  }