{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=9653, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Character's Full Name:\
	_________________________________________\
Date this chart was completed:\
	_________________________________________\
\
GENERAL INFO\
Reason for or meaning of name: 	 \
Nickname(s): 	 \
Reason: 	 \
Birth Date: 	 \
Place of Birth: 	 \
Ethnic Background: 	 \
Religion: 	 \
Degree of Religious Practice: 	 \
Current Address: 	 \
Does s/he rent or own? 	 \
Brief Description of Home\
(apartment, trailer, house, other, etc.): 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Does s/he live with anyone? 	 \
Describe the area in which s/he lives\
(big city, town, rural, other): 	 \
Is this his or her ideal home and location?\
If not, what would s/he prefer? 	 \
Home decor (check all that apply): 	___ Expensive ___ Inexpensive\
___ Carefully planned ___ Comfortable\
___ Neat ___ Cluttered\
When someone walks in, what's their first impression? 	 \
Any Pets? 	___ No (why?) ___ Yes\
If yes, what kind and how many? Name(s)? 	 \
How important are they? How well are they treated? 	 \
Current Occupation: 	 \
Current Employer: 	 \
Income Level: 	 \
Education: 	 \
Marital Status: 	 \
Length of Time Married (if more than one marriage, include all): 	 \
Current Spouse's/Lover/Partner's Name: 	 \
Name by Which S/he Addresses Spouse/Lover/Partner:\
	 \
How Did They Meet?\
	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Children (number and names):\
	\
\
 \
\
 \
Does s/he drive? What kind of car does s/he own, if any? (Make, model, color, age, etc.):\
	 \
What's his or her most prized possession, and why?\
	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
PHYSICAL APPEARANCE:\
Age: 	 \
Eye Color: 	 \
Glasses or contacts: 	 \
Weight: Height: 	 \
Type of body/build: 	 \
Skin tone: Skin type: 	 \
Distinguishing Marks: 	 \
Shape of face/Predominant feature: 	 \
Any famous person s/he looks like?: 	 \
General Health/Good, Excellent, Poor...? 	 \
Chronic Conditions? 	 \
Current Conditions? 	 \
How Does S/he Dress? (Price/Style) 	\
\
___ Expensive/Conservative and Classic\
___ Expensive/Trendy and Daring\
___ Average/Conservative and Classic\
___ Average/Trendy and Daring\
___ Inexpensive/Casual (Whatever's comfortable?)\
___ Inexpensive/Shabby (Why? Is S/he poor? Or just sloppy/careless?)\
Does S/he Dress to be Noticed? Why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Jewelry: 	 \
Other accessories: 	 \
Grooming: 	___ Every hair in place, very neat (Why?)\
___ Average grooming\
___ Clean but sloppy\
___ Unkempt (Why?)\
Describe Hairstyle\
(long, short, crewcut, dreds, bangs, side-part etc.): 	 \
Natural Hair Texture\
(thick, thin, wiry, smooth, wavy, curly, nappy, etc.): 	 \
Current Hair Texture (if different from above): 	 \
Natural Hair Color: 	 \
Current Hair Color (if different from above): 	 \
\
SPEECH AND LANGUAGE/COMMUNICATION:\
Pace: (Talks fast, Average, Slow...) 	 \
Accent or Dialect, if any: 	 \
Voice Tone\
(shrill, high, average, deep, squeaky,\
hoarse, harsh, authoritative, cultured, etc.): 	 \
Any Favorite Words or Phrases? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Usual Curse Words? If None, Why? 	 \
Mannerisms/Demeanor? 	___ Cool/confident\
___ Volatile/moody\
___ Nervous/fidgety/shy\
___ Other?\
Posture: 	___ Stiff and rigid\
___ Stands straight but not stiffly\
___ Average, varies with mood\
___ Slumped and defeated\
___ Slouchy, careless\
___ Relaxed\
___ Other\
Gestures: 	___ Doesn't gesture much\
___ Deliberate and controled\
___ Only when excited/upset\
___ Most of the time\
___ Wildly/weirdly\
Favorite Gesture: 	 \
\
THE PAST:\
Hometown: 	 \
Type of childhood: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
First memory: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Most important childhood event that still affects him/her: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Did/does s/he like school? Why or why not? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Significant Past Jobs: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Police Record? 	 \
Arrest(s) for: 	 \
Convictions? Sentence(s) served? 	 \
First sexual experience was with...? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
First (romantic) love? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Major accidents or traumas? How is s/he still affected, if at all? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
\
FAVORITES:\
Color: 	 \
Music: 	 \
Food: 	 \
Literature: 	 \
Hangouts: 	 \
\
EVERYDAY BEHAVIOR / HABITS:\
Finances: (prudent/cautious, average w/some debt, lives paycheck to paycheck, deep in debt, criminal activity, etc.): 	 \
Personal Habits: Smoking, Drinking, Drugs, Gambling, Sex? Are any of these addictions? 	 \
\
Morning Routine:\
\
Describe the character's morning rituals. Who else is sleeping in the same bed? What time does he/she wake up? Is he/she cheerful in the morning? What wakes him/her up -- alarm, spouse/lover, kids, pet? What does he/she do during breakfast-read, watch tv, feed kids, etc.\
	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
\
Afternoon/Workday:\
\
Now describe the character's workday or afternoon behavior. Does s/he work outside the home? How does he/she get there? Does he/she anticipate, dread, resent the work ahead? Does s/he give the job genuine attention and effort? Does s/he enjoy this work? Is s/he good at this job? What would he/she rather be doing? How long and hard is the work day?\
\
Does s/he stop for lunch? Where? Does s/he have any friends, rivals, enemies?\
\
 \
	 \
\
Dinner:\
\
Does s/he eat at home or go out a lot? If the latter, what is/are his or her favorite restaurant(s)? At home, who prepares the meal? Who does he/she eat it with? What does it typically consist of? What goes on during dinner -- tv, conversation, fighting, reading, etc? Who cleans up?\
\
 \
	 \
\
Evening:\
\
What does your character do on a typical evening? Where? With whom? How much does he/she enjoy it? What is the ideal evening for him or her?\
\
 \
	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
\
Bedtime:\
\
Does he/she go to bed at a consistent time? Alone or with someone else? Does s/he usually fall asleep right way, or is s/he an insomniac? Does he/she dream -- a lot, a little, never? Are most of his/her dreams scary, pleasant, sexual, imaginative? Are there any recurring dreams? Does s/he sleep well or poorly (e.g. tossing & turning)?\
\
 \
	\
\
 \
\
 \
Talents: 	 \
Unskilled at: 	 \
\
FAMILY:\
Mother's name: 	 \
Mother's current status: 	___ living ___ deceased\
Relationship with her: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Father's name: 	 \
Father's current status: 	___ living ___ deceased\
Relationship with him: 	 \
Any Step Parents, Foster Parents,\
or Birth Parents (if not same as above): 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Sibling(s): 	 \
How many? Birth order: 	 \
Relationship with each: 	 \
Children of siblings: 	 \
In-Laws, if any: 	 \
Other than the above, who else in the story is part of his/her extended family (e.g. cousins, aunts/uncles, grandparents, etc.)? 	 \
\
RELATIONSHIPS WITH OTHERS:\
How does character relate to others?\
How in general is s/he perceived by... 	 \
Strangers? 	 \
Friends? 	 \
Wife/Husband/Lover? 	 \
Own children, if any? 	 \
Other family members 	 \
The opposite sex? 	 \
Children in general? 	 \
Others who are more successful 	 \
Others who are less successful 	 \
Boss 	 \
Underlings at work 	 \
Competitors 	 \
Authority (police, IRS, politicians, attorneys, doctors, etc.) 	 \
Anyone who challenges him or her 	 \
Anyone who angers him or her 	 \
Anyone who asks for help 	 \
What about him/her do family/friends like most? 	 \
What about him/her do family/friends like least? 	 \
Is s/he attracted to anyone with whom s/he's not 'officially' involved? If so, does the other person know it? Has there been any actual romantic/sexual activity? 	 \
Person s/he dislikes most & why: 	 \
Person s/he likes most & why: 	 \
Person s/he most misunderstands or misjudges: 	 \
Person who most misunderstands or misjudges him or her: 	 \
\
MENTAL ATTITUDE/PERSONAL BELIEFS:\
Optimist or pessimist: Why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Introvert or extrovert: Why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Most comfortable when ...\
(alone, hanging w/friends, drinking, etc.): 	 \
Most uncomfortable when ...\
(in a crowd, alone, speaking in public, etc.: 	 \
What does s/he most value/prioritize?\
(family, money, success, religion, etc.) 	 \
Whom does he/she really love best? 	 \
What would he/she be willing to die for? 	 \
Is s/he generally compassionate, sensitive to others?\
Or self-involved/selfish/oblivious? 	 \
Personal philosophy: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Past failure s/he would be\
embarrassed to have people know about, and why: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
If granted one wish, what would it be? Why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Psychological issues (e.g. phobias,\
depression, paranoia, narcissism, etc.)? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Any prejudices (race, culture, sexuality, religion, etc.)? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Political party or beliefs, if any: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
Does s/he believe in fate or destiny? Is s/he superstitious? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Character's greatest strength\
(whether s/he sees it as such or not): 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Other good characteristics: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Character's greatest flaw\
(whether s/he sees it as such or not): 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Other character flaws: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Character's chief vulnerability/soft spot: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Is this vulnerability obvious to others?\
If not, how does character hide it? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Quirks: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Biggest accomplishment: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Minor accomplishments: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Character's darkest secret(s): 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Does anyone else know? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
If yes, how did this person/people find out? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
How does s/he react to a crisis? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
What types of problems occur most often?\
(Romance, jealousy, financial, etc.) 	\
\
 \
\
 \
How character reacts to change: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Whom does s/he secretly admire, and why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Who was his/her biggest influence, and why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Who's the most important person\
in his/her life right now, and why? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
SELF-PERCEPTION:\
One word self-description: 	 \
Paragraph of self-description: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
 \
What's his/her favorite physical feature?\
What about least favorite? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Are these realistic perceptions? If not, why not? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
How does s/he think others perceive him or her?: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Biggest regret: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Minor regrets: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
What four things would s/he most like to change about self? 	1.\
2.\
3.\
4.\
Why?\
\
ASPIRATIONS/THOUGHTS OF THE FUTURE:\
Short term goals: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
Long term goals: 	\
\
 \
\
 \
How does s/he plan to accomplish these goals? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
How will others be affected? 	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
What event does s/he most fear?\
	\
\
 \
\
 \
\
What does he/she actively work to gain, keep or protect?\
	\
\
 \
\
 }