{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\fs22 Chapter 1 - Gloves from Goodwill
\par 
\par \tab The Goodwill in Peter’s town in much like the one in yours.  There’s the rack of men's suitcoats by the door, the labrynth of used furniture where college roomattes argue over the dimensions of their door frames, a housewares section where young newlyweds search for matching mugs without chips.  In fact, if you were standing behind Peter in line, you may be inclined to think that you \i were\i0  in your town.  There would be one major difference though - the things on the racks of your Goodwill are from the lives of the people in your town; the things on the racks around Peter are from the lives of the people in his town.  This may seem like a small detail now, but it will become increasingly important; which is why I felt I needed to explain it to you first.
\par \tab Peter studied the pair of used gloves in his hands.  They were absolutely perfect.  Dried dirt still filled the wrinkles and crevices formed by someone else’s hands; even when held flat in front of you the fingers clutched an invisible garden tool, a permanent hook worn by someone else’s labor.  
\par \tab He needed to look like he knew what he was doing, like this was not his first time working outside.  These gloves, he was convinced, was all the camoflauge one needed.  Whether he would actually know what to do when someone handed him a packet of seeds and a hoe - well, there was nothing he could do about that.  Peter hoped the confidance the gloves would give him would be enough.
\par \tab The store bustled for a Friday afternoon.  Mainly parents and children, a few elderly, but no one near Peter’s age.  He knew this to be the last day of classes for high school, and as far as college, Peter had never gotten far enough to know when they were let out.  He had done nothing after high school - not nothing, obviously - he passed his time going to the gym, shopping at Goodwill, driving his car around his familiar city.  But all long term goals had halted.  If Peter had written his plans for the day on a post-it - plans for the week, even - it would have read “Gloves, hamburger”.
\par \tab The hum of an industrial sized air conditioner is loud, and can drown out your thoughts in the summer.  
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab 
\par 
\par \tab Peter talks briefly with the woman at hamburger stand.
\par 
\par \tab 
\par }
