{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=415}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww14040\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale117
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
	As much as is feasibly possible, that is.  We were drunk twenty somethings, after all.  We moved into the bedroom and continued the cathartic play of our brash, earnest mouths.  This is when she stopped me.  \
	\'93Nicholas.\'94 she said, pulling her head away from mine.\
	\'93Kate-o-lyn.\'94\
	She paused, rotating to her back.  I knew what she was about to say.\
	\'93You are . . . \'94\
	\'93Such a nice guy.\'94 \
	\'93Yes.  However, comma,\'94\
	\'93You really value our friendship and don\'92t want to ruin it.\'94\
	\'93Have you gotten this talk before?\'94\
	I laughed.  \'93You need to hear some more stories.\'94\
	\'93Ok well, tell me another one.\'94  She rested her head on my shoulder, laid her arm across my chest.  \
	\'93Ok,\'94 I said, pulling her soft shoulder in.  \'93When I was in first grade, I met Heather.  She was the first girl I ever remember getting gooey feelings about, those damn gooey feelings that would be the bane of my existence for the rest of my life.\'94\
	Katelyn began to snore in my ear.  I laughed softly to myself and then fell asleep as well.\
	\
	When the sun came up my head hurt significantly.  Katelyn appeared to be drifting in and out of sleep, face down a foot or two away from me.  In the night we had become untangled and now laid separately in the bed like siblings.  I laid there for a while, considering putting my arm around her while she fought the sunlight pouring in from the open window, but ultimately decided against it.  \
	Katelyn pandiculated and opened her eyes, giving up the invisible battle for unconsciousness.  She looked over to me.\
	\'93Good morning.\'94 I said.\
	\'93Good mooooooornighn.\'94  she yawned.  We laughed like two actors that had forgotten their lines.  Katelyn rolled in the sheets, attempting to make peace with the daylight.\
	\'93I\'92ll go get us some coffee.\'94\
	Katelyn and I love coffee.  In the office we even talked about it over IM:\
	\'93You ever have a day that you wake up, everything is going wrong, and you just can\'92t find a reason to get out of bed, but then you think about coffee, and you get up?\'94\
	\'93Every day.\'94\
	\
	There\'92s a coffee shop three blocks from my apartment, so I threw on a pair of red athletic shorts and laced my shoes up.  I felt like shit.  I was hungover and profoundly sexually frustrated; I had given myself the \'91just friends\'92 talk for chrissake.  The last thing I wanted to see was another human being, but I decided I could stand it as long as said human beings were handing me coffee.  \
	I got about a block when a random guy on the sidewalk stopped me.  \
	\'93High Five!\'94 he insisted, holding his open palm towards me.\
	I squinted to see the guy\'92s face and confirmed that I had no idea who he was.  I reluctantly complied and continued on my way, but I got not half a block further when a group of three older women began to cheer at me.  \
	\'93Yeahhhh!!!\'94 they hollered.  One of them wanted a high five as well.  \
	I ran my palm across those of the older women, becoming angry at the un-perceivable nature of these sudden accolades.  What did these people find so celebratory about my condition?  I could only conclude that I lived in the most sarcastic neighborhood ever, full of people who derived pleasure from handing out high fives to the dork that couldn\'92t seal the deal with the drunk girl.\
	When I got another block, I saw a table full of bottled water and balloons - a banner above the street indicated that I had unwittingly been following the race path for an AIDS walk.  I looked down and realized that I was wearing red shorts and a red t-shirt.  Volunteers a few yards ahead clapped and waved a bottle of water at me.  Even I had to laugh then.  \
	Returning to my apartment Katelyn sat on my couch, messing with her phone.  I set the coffee down along with a couple of breakfast sandwiches.  \'93You like your coffee black, right?\'94\
	\'93Like I like my men.\'94 She replied.  \'93Strong, black, and hot.\'94\
	\'93Yep, that\'92s what we\'92ve got.\'94 I said.  \'93Except I\'92m pretty sure your cup\'92s gay.\'94\
	Ah, she has a great laugh.  Subtle and poignant, like she doesn\'92t want you to know that she thought what you just said was funny.\
	We finished the food and the coffee and I walked her to her car, which was several blocks away.  Her Cavalier was wedged into the side of a busy one-way like a crooked tooth.  \
	\'93You know how to get back to your place alright?\'94 I asked her.\
	\'93Definitely.\'94 she answered.  I swayed indefinably to prepare for some sort of hug, kiss, whatever, I wasn\'92t picky.  But none came.  She climbed into the car, and turned the key.\
	The car made a repetitive clicking sound.  She tried again, to the same result.  Katelyn got out of the car and stood beside it for a second, arms crossed, her brow furrowed.\
	We walked back to my apartment.  \
	\'93I will Google it first.\'94 I grabbed a notecard from my desk drawer.  She sat on a piano bench in my office, tapping on the keys.\
	\'93You play?\'94 she asked.\
	\'93A little.\'94\
	Not really.  I could when I was younger, but these days I did little more than pick at individual notes while listening to songs I liked.  \
	\'93Ok, positive end on the dead battery to positive end on the good battery.\'94\
	Katelyn began playing The First Noel, one plinky note at a time.  \
	\'93Nice.\'94 I said, giving a golf clap so as not to interrupt the staccato rendition of the cherished Christmas song.  \'93I don\'92t think I\'92ve heard that song since I was in church.\'94\
	\'93Not a church person?\'94\
	\'93I used to be. Not anymore.\'94\
	\'93Are you religious though?\'94\
	\'93Naw, I\'92m sort of against organized religion.\'94\
	\'93Interesting.\'94\
	\'93I suppose.  Ok, positive to bad, positive to good, negative to good, negative to shiny piece of metal.  Remove in reverse order.  We got this.  We can totally do this.\'94\
	We returned to Katelyn\'92s Cavalier in my car, which I parked precariously in the middle of the busy street.  There was really no other option, still I felt like I owed an individual apology to each angry motorist that scowled at me as they passed by.\
	\'93Ok hold these,\'94 I said, handing two ends of the jumper cables to Katelyn.  \'93Don\'92t let them touch.\'94\
	\'93Really?  Why?\'94\
	\'93They could spark.  Or electrocute me.\'94\
	\'93Oh god,\'94 she said, stiffening up a little, \'93Is this dangerous?\'94\
	\'93Well, sorta.  I mean, we\'92re transferring enough electricity to start a car.\'94\
	She was kind of freaking out now.  She held the clamps by the tips of each finer, away from her face, as if they might start showering her with sparks at any moment.  \
	The car started on our first try.  Quickly we returned to our vehicles and began to slowly race through the congested downtown streets to the nearest Advanced Autoparts.  We were about halfway there when I saw Katelyn pull over to the side of the road.  This time, it was stopped for good.  Something deep inside that Cavalier had died.\
	We sat down on a stoop at the corner where her car had stopped, which happened to be Colfax and Downing, which happened to be a not-overly-friendly neighborhood.  All around us loud angry homeless people wandered, yelling at invisible obstacles and enemies in their path.  On the corner sat a laundromat and perhaps the sketchiest Papa John\'92s Pizza I\'92ve ever seen.  It was a still Saturday morning, probably 95 degrees, and we were going nowhere. \
	Katelyn began to dig through her purse for her insurance card.\
	\'93Here,\'94 she said, handing me a tangerine.  \
	\'93You\'92re trusting me with the rations?\'94\
	\'93Sass is only going to get you fewer slices.\'94\
	\'93Alright, no need to panic.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s just the battery right?  That\'92s what you think?\'94\
	I really had no clue.  \'93I think?\'94\
	\'93I am so sorry for dragging you into this.\'94 She took things out of her purse one at a time, setting them on the sidewalk in front of us like a tiny yard sale.\
	\'93I don\'92t know, this is kind of fun.\'94\
	Katelyn glared at me.\
	\'93No, I\'92m just saying, we were kind of drunk last night.  Now we can talk sober.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, about that - I don\'92t usually do that either.\'94\
	\'93Do what?  The, get-drunk-and-stay-the-night thing?\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t.\'94 Apparently we weren\'92t talking about this yet.  She was laughing, but I could tell she legitimately felt bad about it.\
	\'93I thought it was fun.\'94\
	\'93Of course you did, you\'92re an atheist.\'94\
	\'93Whoa.\'94 I said.  \'93Whoa.\'94  I absolutely hate that.  \'93When did I 
\i ever
\i0  say I was an atheist?\'94\
	\'93Like half an hour ago.  You said you weren\'92t religious.\'94\
	\'93And that makes me an atheist.\'94\
	Katelyn backed off when she could tell I was a little upset.  \'93So what are you then?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m agnostic.\'94\
	\'93Ok, and what does that mean?\'94\
	\'93It means I don\'92t know.  There could be a god.  Probably, in my opinion.  But I don\'92t 
\i claim
\i0  to know for sure either way, and I don\'92t think that other people should have to 
\i believe
\i0  what I do, just because its what I believe.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 she said.  \'93So you think getting drunk, sleeping with random people, that\'92s ok?\'94\
	\'93One,\'94 I said, \'93You\'92re not random.  Two, no.  But we\'92re all human.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, no one\'92s perfect, I believe that.  But I think you should at least 
\i try
\i0  to not do things like that.\'94\
	\'93Eh.\'94 I said.  She did not find this charming or badass.  \'93Ok, sure, to some extent.  But I\'92m not trying to be perfect.  I don\'92t like it when people try to be perfect.  I don\'92t trust someone without a vice.\'94\
	\'93Interesting.\'94\
	\'93I suppose.\'94\
	Katelyn at last retrieved a small red card from the floor of her purse and dialed the large red number printed on it.  From the stoop I could hear her chat with what sounded like a very unhelpful insurance agent, and then an equally abrasive tow truck driver.\
	She rejoined me on the stairs.  \
	\'93They\'92re sending a tow truck.  And, comma, I described the sound to the tow truck driver, and 
\i he 
\i0 thinks it sounds like the alternator.  Which, reportedly, costs about five times as much.\'94\
	\'93Ouch.\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  So, that guy\'92ll be here sometime in the next four hours.\'94\
	\'93Four 
\i hours
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93Yep.\'94  Katelyn looked around nervously, and pulled a pack of cigarettes from her purse.\
	I smiled so big that she began to laugh while trying to light it.\
	\'93
\i What
\i0  the fuck is 
\i that
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t you judge me Nick Anderson.\'94\
	\'93Nope, no, furthest thing from it.\'94 I told her.  \'93Now I know I can trust you.\'94\
\
	Me and Katelyn got a pizza.  We sat on the stoop eating it out of the box like two homeless people, un-showered, covered in battery grease on top of yesterday\'92s clothes.  \
	\'93So after Erin.\'94 Katelyn dabbed a piece of crust into some garlic sauce.  \
	\'93What, you want to hear another one?  Aren\'92t you sober now?\'94\
	\'93We\'92ve got what, three and half hours?\'94\
	\'93True, true.  I haven\'92t written those ones yet though.\'94\
	\'93That a problem?\'94\
	\'93I guess not.\'94  I admitted, attempting to leverage a long greasy slice into my mouth.  \'93To be honest, I\'92m not even sure if I\'92m going to include 8th grade.  There\'92s just a few minor girls.\'94\
	\'93No true love that year?\'94\
	\'93No, I moved.\'94 A pepperoni dropped off my pizza and landed on my jeans.  \'93I moved that year.  From Texas to Colorado.\'94\
	At the time my dad had been looking for a new job, and he had jumped at the first opportunity to move back to Colorado, where he had lived out his 20\'92s.  \
	\'93We\'92ll going skiing all winter!  You kids will finally get to see 
\i snow
\i0 !\'94\
	I\'92ll admit, the snow part sounded kind of exciting.  The closest we\'92d come to this in Texas was the time temperatures had erratically dropped below freezing, covering the roads in a thin layer of frost.  \'91DO NOT LEAVE YOUR HOMES EXCEPT IN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS\'92
\b  
\b0 read the news ticker on every channel, as my sister and I enjoyed a three day vacation from school.\
	My last day in Texas I made the rounds and said goodbye to everyone that mattered to me.  It was a small but important lot - Steven, Anna, Erin, Joey, a few others.  At one point I was walking down the large cafeteria hall, the one where I had been pushed by Eric.  In the middle of it some dance club was practicing.  Megan, a different Megan than the one I had dated for three days, saw me coming and yelped excitedly.  She had been in a few classes with me, and was currently dressed like a fairy princess for some reason.\
	\'93NIIIIICKKK!!\'94 she yelled as she threw her arms around me.  \'93This is your last day, isn\'92t it?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I\'92m leaving right now.\'94 I informed her.\
	\'93Ok.\'94 she sighed, looking despondent.  Her friends in the dance troupe had grouped together, whispering and giggling together.  \'93Well, you should - stay in touch with me.\'94\
	I nodded.  \'93Ok, bye.\'94\
	\
	\'93Did you?\'94 Katelyn asked.  \
	\'93Of course not.  I didn\'92t believe she meant it.\'94\
	\'93So you\'92ve always been this unreceptive?\'94 Katelyn asked.  \
	\'93Oh, I have an even better one that that.\'94 I told her.  \'93At end of seventh grade, after Erin, this girl Nicole asked me out.  I thought she was super pretty, but I said no.\'94\
	\'93
\i Why?
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Well, I didn\'92t know her that well.  I thought she was just messing with me.  Like, I would say yes, and then she\'92d be like, \'91Just kidding!  I can\'92t believe you thought I was serious!\'94\
	\'93Wh- I don\'92t get it.\'94\
	\'93Girls did mean things like that.\'94\
	\'93To you?\'94\
	\'93No.  Because I was smart enough to avoid the traps.\'94\
	\'93But what if Nicole wasn\'92t trying to trap you?\'94\
	\'93I know.\'94 I admitted.  \'93I\'92ve thought about that.\'94\
	\'93Ok so, two down.  That probably liked you.\'94\
	\'93One down.  Beside the point.  I met a girl I really liked as soon as I got to Colorado.\'94\
	\'93
\i Really.
\i0   Tell me about 
\i this 
\i0 girl.\'94\
	\
	Well 
\i this
\i0  girl\'92s name was Amber Rose.  Worst name ever, am I right?  She lived at the apartment complex where we stayed while my mom and dad looked for a house.  From my window on the second floor I could see her jog by on occasion, in these tiny pink athletic shorts and a tight running top.  Dear god.  She was slender but still slightly shapely, and was nothing less than a continual ray of sunshine.  She had long brown hair and a small snub nose - her eyes were wide and bright and shone like two clear plastic shakers of glitter.\
	\'93Howdy!\'94 she hollered at me the first time we met.  We went to the same middle school and she was in the first class I had there, choir.  She found it fascinating that I was from Texas.\
	\'93Hey.\'94\
	\'93Ahahaha your accent is so funny!\'94\
	Everyone thought so.  In fact, that\'92s primarily the reason I don\'92t have an accent anymore.  I saw this new state, this new school, as the fresh chance to integrate myself and shed whatever image I had had in Texas.  I pulled this off rather well.  I don\'92t know how, but I had sat next to the right person at the right time and had been pacifistically absorbed into a very large social group, one that saw eachother outside of school.  Our posse boasted both boys and girls, dramatically increasing the draw and intrigue of the social events they held.  In Texas I had had female friends, but it was mainly the guys that hung out outside of school - the proverbial sausagefest, if you will.  Did I miss playing Ocarina of Time in my underwear with a bunch of other dudes?  Of course.  But nervously watching movies boy girl boy girl seemed an adequate tradeoff.  \
	Now, don\'92t go thinking we were any kind of mature.  We were still very young and very nervous about trying to date one another.  To compensate for this, we did what I\'92m hoping alot of 8th graders did, which was make up games under falsely innocent pretenses in order to create date-like situations.  Our most popular one was pretend-asking girls to marry us.  \'91This is all a joke!\'92 our beaming faces would say, as we offered a girl a plastic ring from a grocery store quarter machine.  Said girl would either accept or turn us down, although that was usually just as good, since it drew the sympathy of all the other girls.  Either way, you were hugging somebody.  And if you were lucky, you\'92d land yourself a wife, and you\'92d be standing at the lockers alone on breaks, maybe sharing a Dr. Pepper after class.\
	\'93Honey, you\'92ve been spending 
\i far
\i0  too much time in school.  We simply 
\i must
\i0  find time for 
\i us.
\i0 \'94\
	\'93On 
\i darling, 
\i0 if 
\i only
\i0  there was not this 
\i horrible
\i0  algebra class.\'94\
	Non-stop drama.  Apparently being married made you british, and also in a soap opera, or maybe that\'92s just the degree of separation we needed to convince us that we were just joking, instead of dating.  \
	Anyway, more that anyone I wanted to play this game with Amber Rose.  But Amber was 
\i just
\i0  mature enough that she found our antics uninteresting at best.  Though her exterior boasted unbridled naivety, her core was one of reserved, peaceful solitude.  Its hard for me to imagine that she\'92d managed to be let down my gender by that age, but she had all the makings of the once bitten twice shy.  It wasn\'92t that she looked down on us or scorned the fun we were having - she hung out with us, watched movies boy girl boy girl.  But at the end of the day she knew she was better than a plastic ring.  I respect that.  \
	Still, her unwillingness to adhere to the bizarre social norms we had created made it difficult for me to woo her.  She was chatty as hell, very easy to talk to - so much so that I couldn\'92t get her get past her bubbly-ness to any sort of real talk.  I could tell when I was beginning to encroach upon her comfort zone - she would start singing, and simply walk away.\
	Example conversation:\
	\'93Hey Amber Rose, you weren\'92t at Tom\'92s party!\'94\
	\'93I 
\i KNOW
\i0  I really wanted to go but my dad was in town so I had to skip it.  I
\i  BET IT WAS SO MUCH FUN!
\i0 \'94\
	\'93It was.  We danced, and Tom\'92s brother DJ\'92d.\'94\
	\'93FANTASTIC!  I 
\i love Jeremy!
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Yeah, you know, I was kind of hoping to dance with you.\'94\
	\'93
\i SOOOOOMEEEEWWHHEEEERRREEEEE, OVER THE RAIIIINBOOOOW
\i0  . . .\'94\
	No joke, exact transition right there.  I would probably be more upset if she wasn\'92t such a terrific singer.  Really, she could totally belt it out - you almost just stopped talking out of respect.  Still, how do you propose to a girl that won\'92t stop singing show tunes?  You can\'92t, you just can\'92t.  So I did the next logical thing, and proposed to the second most attractive girl I could find.\
	
\i This
\i0  girl was Danette.  She was also friendly, bubbly, good natured - and her breasts were gigantic.  I feel a little bad writing that but it was without a doubt a huge contributing factor to my proposal to her.  They were gynormous.  At least the size of my head.  They bounced around merrily as Danette perused to the world like the sole resident of some brightly colored children\'92s cartoon.  Her
\i  
\i0 optimism made Amber Rose look like a rumpled old cynic.  Now this was aided, as all happiness is, by a fair dose of ignorance and stupidity.  But those breasts, man.  I can\'92t speak highly enough about them.\
	Sorry.  You have to remember that I am thirteen in this story.  I 
\i liked
\i0  Amber Rose - not just the way she looked but also the way she was, the strange condition she was in.  She had footnotes and subchapters, picking her mind was like scooping at goldfish with a paper net.  She interested me, held my attention.  But Amber Rose made herself unattainable, and I was too stupid to try and fight it.\
	So I started dating Danette.  Sure, it started with a simple marriage, but not long into it I popped to big question.\
	\'93So, do you want to date for real?\'94\
	It was a big step for me.  I was caught up in my entourage, amazingly confident in the collective friendship-womb of my friends.  It seemed like a natural progression and she posed no real threat to my happiness or emotional security.  I suppose this is because I didn\'92t really like her.  She was nice and all, but there was no connection, no orchestra.  Just two kids that wanted to touch each other.  \
	\
	\'93Eugh,\'94 Katelyn expressed, swigging the bottom of a water bottle of Emergen-C.  That stuff can really help hangovers, if you weren\'92t aware.  \'93Maybe I don\'92t want to hear this story.\'94\
	\'93No, we didn\'92t touch each other much.\'94\
	\
	We really didn\'92t.  Ghost of Erin, remember.  At the time it had me completely convinced that even touching a girl might cause her to burst into tears.  Did girls not like to be touched?  Was this something I\'92d missed up to this point?  I figured there were some in both categories, non-touch and pro-touch, and it seemed like my interests were always leaning towards the non-touchers.  I never really figured out which one Danette was, as we only dated for about three days.  In that time, however, we managed to squeeze in a movie date.  \
	When I arrived, Danette\'92s mom let me in and lead me up to Danette\'92s room.  That woman loved me.  She was a staple at our social events as Danette threw a good amount of parties, and a mild mom presence was still common in those days.  I don\'92t know what I do right but moms have always liked me.  Perhaps its the southern manners or the eye contact - either way, Mrs. Conner was giddy as she lead me up the stairs.  \
	\'93You guys have fun!\'94  she said as she pulled the bedroom door shut.  I think she wanted me to procreate with her daughter.  She was definitely one of the cooler moms.  However, I\'92m glad I never went there with Danette.  That night was a deal breaker.\
	See, every girl has a movie that they think is absolutely hilarious - one that they can quote verbatim because it plays on infinite loop through their slumber parties, because they watch it with their best friend every week.  When girls bond over a VHS it becomes more than a movie - it gets embedded in their brain so deep that ten, twenty years later, they will still be convinced that it is the greatest movie ever.\
	The movie it is always terrible.  Almost without exception.  For a movie to be uproariously funny to a twelve year old girl it is almost an imperative for it to be awful.  However, perhaps one of the most favor-winning, brownie-point-banking things you can do for a girl is watch this movie with her, and pretend that you too find it to be inarguably brilliant.  \
	I could not do this with Danette.  I tried - I sat there that night, lightly cupping her hand on the carpet as we watched 
\i The Pest
\i0 .  If you haven\'92t seen it, it is basically a cinematic representation of comedy being strapped to a dentist chair and slowly tortured by John Leguizamo for an hour and a half.  I watched it half-gaping, dumfounded by the sheer stupidity of the events being acted out and recorded.  People had written the script, the actors had read it, yet somehow they had all then agreed that themselves, a director, and a hundred or so other movie-making staffers should get together and act the whole thing out, commit it to film for others to watch, put it in stores.  People had then bought it, so that they could watch it more than once.  One of these people was Danette.  I will never forgive her for that.\
	Mrs. Conner came up to see if we were making babies, while the protagonist and costar proceeded to vomit off the back of a boat for an extended period of time.\
	\'93I guess I don\'92t understand humor these days.\'94 she said to herself.  \
	\'93MOM!\'94 Danette laughed, \'93You are 
\i so 
\i0 not from this generation.\'94\
	\'91I have to get out of here\'92	I thought quietly to myself.  A huge mistake had been made.  I was dating an idiot.  \
	It didn\'92t take long for my opinion to spread.\
	\'93How did the date go?\'94 Tom asked me the next day.  I couldn\'92t lie to the guy, we told each other everything about girls.\
	\'93You think she might be retarded?  Really?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know, maybe just, lower percentile IQ or something.  Really, you\'92d have to see the movie to understand.\'94\
	\'93So do you still want to go out with her?\'94\
	I stared off into space, comtemplating these new feelings. \'93No, I don\'92t think I do.\'94\
	\'93You gonna break up with her then?\'94\
	\'93. . . No.\'94 I concluded.\
	Breasts, man.  They do the stupidest things to our heads.  However, the same black magic was working in Tom\'92s \
	\
	\
\
\
\
	\'93We\'92ve got the tangerine, if you\'92re still hungry.\'94\
	\'93No, we need to save that for an emergency.\'94\
}