{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1736, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Brittany,\
\
It's good to hear from you!  I was actually recently thinking the same thing, how strange it is that we've never run into eachother.  You still live in cap hill?\
\
Anyway, I totally understand the issue of privacy - for the record every girl\'92s name has been changed unless I've been given specific permission to use their real one.  Even the merciless bully in the seventh grade chapter got a pseudonym.  That being said, I'm sure people that know you and/or me would have no problems connecting the dots, so I am making a point to try to avoid anything graphic or upsetting.\
\
Still, I know how awkward this could be :)  All I can say is that the tone of the stories are not bitter or angry, and are not driven by voyeurism or sex.  They\'92re a celebration of girls I\'92ve fallen in love with and the people involved.  The stories are definitely revealing - they wouldn\'92t be worth reading if they weren\'92t - but I\'92m taking special consideration not to include anything too cringeworthy.  You can read a little bit more about my attitude towards the project here:\
\
http://www.facebook.com/notes/nick-anderson/the-best-reason-i-can-come-up-with/159580747407185\
\
So trust me - there are plenty of girls in my past that deserve neither pity nor censorship, but you\'92re not one of them, and even those that are will still get a fair treatment.  Obviously my primary goal is to create the absolute best work I can, but secondary to that is doing so without hurting anyone else.  If you\'92re interested I can send you your chapter a week or so before it gets released so you can get an idea of what to expect - right now its set to be released next July.  \
\
Anyway, hope you\'92re doing well as well!  And happy holidays to you as well.\
\
- Nick}