{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1151, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 You always forget that people have their reasons.\
\
Raped when you were eleven?  How has that never come up?  Would that have changed the way I treated you?  Would I have relaxed my muscles over you my hanging sweat anticipation of that moment, that slippery confirmation that you are mine?  Did I need that?  Is that what it took for me to know you loved me?\
Because you didn\'92t love me.  You could never love me.  I thought it was because of Jesus but it was me, I was cockblocking myself with rage.  It has to be over now, you will never love me.  you will never love me.  But you could have.  You were close.  I fucked it up.  I fucked it up.  I fucked it up.  \
What have I become.  I was going to be a virgin til I was married.  Now I can\'92t keep it in my pants long enough to keep from ruining things with someone I truly care about.  \
Good work.  Great job.  You were too busy believing that you were morally superior to realize that she was in love with you too.  Not in the traditional way, but she loved you.  She really loved you.  And you needed to fuck her so bad that you \
\
Its over now.  It has to be.  She wouldn\'92t love me anyway right?  }