{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=3516, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh16580\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 At about 9 PM last night I posted this:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\ql\qnatural

\f1\i\fs24 \cf0 Everyone - I am drunk and heartbroken but I want you to know there is now an ending to the book. You will understand after we get to Chapter 8. Sorry this is taking so long - Chapter 3 will be posted next Saturday. Until then, continue to be stupid for love, the right people are going to appreciate it
\i0\b\fs28 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs26 \cf0 To which I received this response from Ross:
\f1\i\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Nick, I get what you've experienced, because I've experience a "light" version of it, but lets be frank for a moment. We can be dicks. We can be knights in shining armor. We can be a mix. We can party. We can be sober. We can be intelligent.... We can be stupid. It doesn't matter. Nothing works. We have to deal with that fact. Hopefully, a woman comes to us one day but I feel that its far beyond any facade we can put up. We are lost souls hoping that someone will claim us. Until then, we're blowing around in the ether. I'll curse them until a woman gives me a reason not to.
\f0\i0\fs26 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
	Ross - I feel ya.  I have, in turn, been where you are.  I was there a little bit last night.  But its 6 AM now, I\'92m sober, had a cup of coffee, so let\'92s get a few things straight.\
\
	The Chase is, above all other things, a work of passion - but also compassion.  Last night, I ached horribly and felt that the internet should know about it.  But today I am peering through the heartache onto the better times before that, looking forward to the time when we will continue our experiences as friends, and I am imagining all the elaborate romances that still await me.  I\'92m happy.  I\'92m happy that it happened, I\'92m happy that my heart has broken and that it will be weeks until I feel whole again.  And when I write about this girl I will have only succeeded if I can make you love her as much as I do.  I don\'92t hate her because she hurt me.  This is something I\'92ll expand on later, but for the time being, suffice to say there is a reason the book is not called The Catch.  \
\
	If this is not a sufficient response, I\'92m sorry.  I love mythologizing girls as much as the next guy - it\'92s easy to construct their mysterious nature into a divine conspiracy.  Surely they have convened and agreed upon the most effective ways to destroy us.  Perhaps when our classes were separated in elementary school for the birds and the bees talk, instead of an awkward overview of anatomy the girls received combat training, detailed instructions on how to systematically pull at us like a frayed sweater until we collapse into a tangled mess of yarn.  Unfortunately, this theory has not stood the test of time for me.  Of the many girls I\'92ve meet, only a couple have been truly evil succubi breed from the depths of hell.  The rest have been confused, stupid human beings just like myself.  The worst part of last night was perhaps not the loss of the love, but the realization that despite my intense affections for this person, it was me that ruined it.  I ruined it by assuming that I understood her completely, and in doing so I reduced her to a life-size cardboard cutout, instead of seeing her as the three-dimensional human being that she is.  Everyone has a reason for the way they are.  Remember that.\
\
Can I give you some advice Ross?  You don\'92t have to take it.  For reference I am a hungover 23 year old sitting on a piano stool in a 600 sq ft apartment.  I generally don\'92t condone taking life advice from such a source, but hear me out on this one - You should not be angry.  You should not be blowing around.  You should not be waiting to be claimed.  You should be running.  You should be Chasing.  Everyone is going to hurt you, without exception.  That shouldn\'92t stop you.  Because in between the perpetual beatings of your insides you are going to find someone who, for a brief moment, is going to love you.  Not because they are fated to, not because you rescued them from a castle or because you held out and this is your reward - but because everyone wants to be loved.  This is, more than anything, what I hope to communicate with The Chase.  I have hated, with intense, almost unhuman passion, but I have loved with an equal force, and if you\'92re going to take only one part of your relationships with you, it should be the latter.  I\'92m sorry there\'92s not a better reason or a more clear answer - I\'92m still figuring it out myself.  Maybe we\'92ll find a better answer at some point.  But until then, let us raise a glass to the good times, the bad times, and the times yet to come.  Here\'92s to The Chase.  \
\
Godblessthechase.com}