{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=129770}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale129
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 The Chase\
By Nick Anderson\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Grade/Year/Age/Girl Reference Guide\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 Real World | January 2009 - December 2010 | 21 - 23 | Girl at Treehouse Gym, Amanda(Ice Blocking), Hannah, Barb, Nicole, Emily\
College | July 2005 - December 2008 | 18 - 21 | Good Sarah again, Brittany, Gamer Sarah, Katie from church, Felicia, Laura, Mysterious Sarah, Kristy
\b \

\b0 12th | 2004 - 2005 | 17- 18 |  Alicia, Coco, Emily\
11th | 2003 - 2004 | 16 - 17 | Bad Sarah, Evil Sarah\
10th | 2002 - 2003 | 15 - 16 | Anna (broadmoor), Jamie\
9th | 2001 - 2002 | 14 - 15 | Good Sarah,\cb2  Laura\cb1 \
8th | 2000 - 2001 | 13 - 14 | Princess Megan, Amber Rose, Dannette, \cb2 BriAnna\cb1 \
7th | 1999 - 2000 | 12 - 13 | Erin, Nicole?\
6th | 1998 - 1999 | 11 - 12 | Megan?\
5th | 1997 - 1998 | 10 - 11 | Chelsea\
4th | 1996 -1997 | 9 - 10 | Chelsea\
3rd | 1995 -1996 | 8 - 9 | Chelsea\
2nd | 1994 -1995 | 7 - 8 | N/A\
1st | 1993 - 1994 | 6 - 7 | Heather\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Chapter 1 - Heather (1st grade - 1993)\
\
	
\b0 When I was in first grade, I met Heather.  She was the first girl I ever remember getting gooey feelings about, those damn gooey feelings that would be the bane of my existence for the rest of my life.  At the time though, the feeling was strange, unpredictable, and most importantly, nice - the static fields between our shoulders as we sat side by side at the craft table, the secret, nonchalant hand holding on the playground - they moved me in a way I could not yet describe.  I can\'92t say I remember exactly how it happened.  I\'92m pretty sure there was some initial bonding over a Duck Tales puzzle, that lead to an affair that lasted almost a semester.  In the warm Texas autumn I would chase this bobbing pile of blonde hair around the playground, follow her up trees, through ponds, absolutely anywhere she would lead me.  But sometime in November, while sitting in the cafeteria, she threatened to break my arm if I told anyone that we were boyfriend and girlfriend.  Glaring over the table, she snapped a Dunkaroo\'92s cookie stick with two fingers, dabbing the ends in chocolate dipping sauce to simulate blood.\
	I\'92ve always known how to pick \'91em.  All things considered though, this was by far the best relationship I\'92ve had, ever.  It was fun while it lasted, ended somewhat amicably, we were friends for years afterwards - if I could go back in time, I\'92d rest my hand on my little six year old shoulder and say \'93You enjoy this, you little spaz in your weird purple shorts and Goosebumps t-shirt.  Things aren\'92t going to be this good for a long time.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\

\b Chapter 2 - Chealsea (3rd Grade - 1995)
\b0 \
\
	Third grade does weird things to people.  Or it did to me, I don\'92t know about you personally.    For me it went kind of like this - I was finally starting to become cognizant of the world, which was exploding with new and more confusing things daily.  I was obsessed with The Mighty Morphin\'92 Power Rangers, which provided a nice launching pad of absurdity for my knowledge of the world and the laws of physics governing it.  Mexico caught on fire for a short time, forcing us to stay indoors as a thick haze painted the sky bright orange day and night for two weeks straight.  But hands down, the most disorienting thing about the third grade was Chelsea.\
	 Chelsea\'92s mom gave us slide projector presentations about sea creatures.  Once a year since I had started elementary school, our teacher would lead us to a darkened room off the library, where the calm, slow-speaking woman would click through square images of vibrant coral and sea amenities.  I wish I had more context to give you on this, but I really have no idea what all this was about.  I have a feeling no one did, as teacher and student alike nodded understandingly, acceptingly, as she explained the migration patterns of sea turtles.\
	In third grade Chelsea was in my class, and I finally made the connection when crazy sea lady showed up for a big presentation we were putting on.  It was an after school sort of thing, informal, in that same weird little room off the library.  Still parents lined the walls, video cameras in hand, as we sat indian style in the center of the floor hugging giant dioramas that smelled of rubber cement and Crayola water-based paint.  Chelsea\'92s presentation was on Manatees of all things - she stood at the front of the room, swaying from foot to foot, clutching a paper mache sea cow to her chest like a giant teddy bear.  Nervously she explained about a dozen memorized facts I can\'92t remember as her long brown ponytail danced back and forth rhythmically.  I really dug that ponytail.  \
	These things are hard to communicate when you\'92re young.  It\'92s silly enough just feeling them.  The strange urges - to look at the ponytail, to touch the ponytail . . . to yank the ponytail?  I just wanted to touch her, I think, I wasn\'92t sure in what way.  When we sat close my hand twitched like a divining rod, pulling me towards something, and that feeling of not knowing what result it would yield terrified me.  So I never did.  No touching, no yanking, not even any talking - I\'92d be surprised if by then end of that year she even knew what my name was.  While other boys \'91did\'92 - that is, garnished their understanding out of yanked ponytails, touched hands, flipped skirts - I simply watched.  \
	That is not to say that I was a quiet child, by any stretch.  Oh, I liked to talk.  I loved attention.  At the time I had my career options narrowed down to rockstar or talkshow host.  A couple of friends and I had formed the singing-sensation \'93The Milkyways\'94 (named after the candy bar, not the heavenly body, of course), but for some reason a trio of pre-adolescent choir boys singing Beach Boys songs wasn\'92t really a market niche in those days.  On several occasions I would also come to school adorning a tiny suit coat my mom had purchased at goodwill and begin to interview classmates en masse, making small quips in an interview that was really about me.\
	Sorry, I haven\'92t given ample time to Chelsea - this story is her\'92s after all, not mine.  But I want to paint a picture for you.  Third grade is the beginning of alot of things, I think, not the least of which is your abrupt release into the Plinko board of social hierarchy.  Sure, there have been signs, maybe some indications up to this point, but it\'92s all been guesswork.  All of a sudden that music prodigy gets a little too inspired by Freddie Mercury and abandons the piano to start hand-stitching pleather vests - the game up to this point is null, you could land anywhere.  Me, I never really stopped playing dress up and make believe.  No matter where I\'92ve been in my life, there\'92s been some sort of goodwill suit coat, some sold out stadium waiting for me in my mind.\
	I\'92m not going to say that particular skill set didn\'92t come in handy at times, but it certainly did very little to help me win the affections of a real girl, who could not see the stage lights or hear the roar of the crowd behind me.  The closer I got to initiating contact, just any sort of words, the more the orchestra faded and was drowned out by the sound of my own rushing heartbeat, a clock ringing silent alarm, reminding me that the spirit and courage I had counted on to get me this far was all imaginary.  \
	No third grader should ever take love this seriously.  If you are in third grade and you are reading this, 
\i yank that ponytail
\i0 .  I don\'92t know why, but it works.  Case in point - Trevor.\
	Trevor was tall and athletic, for a third grader, and talked with his butt.  He would literally bend over, grab his cheeks, and begins moving them in a pattern that resembled speech for all the girls on the playground.  I stood there baffled, as the girls swooned and giggled, asking Trevor\'92s ass questions like some kind of surreal ventriloquist act.  Chelsea was a big fan - \'93Trevor\'92s talking with his butt again\'94 her friend would run up and inform her, and together they\'92d scurry away to sit on the dirty gravel and stare into Trevor\'92s crack.  \
\
	How do you compete with that?  How do you even approach it?  You might as well ask Dali why he thought clocks should melt.  You couldn\'92t.  You just couldn\'92t.  So the whole year I didn\'92t say a thing.  Not a damn thing.  Of all the things I look back on I think that\'92s what gets me the most.  \
	I made up for it in dreams, though, the most effective anesthetic for prolonged periods of longing.  Texas classrooms are designed for the modern daydreamer - the intense rays of sunlight coming in from the single pane windows, the quiet, cool hum of industrial air conditioners creating a chilly vacuum removed from the summer heat.  And the carpet - the grey blue weave was still new when I was there, though by the time I left it was worn to that itchy Brillo pad consistency that\'92s just as hard as the concrete below it.  I remember making friendship rings out of the strands when they were still plush enough to pull out individually, and knowing even then that there were parts of that school I\'92d want to keep with me in one way or another.  In those dreaming spaces, those high ceilings and abnormally large chairs, I found no trouble creating a private place in my mind where me and Chelsea were not only familiar, but were in love - the deep, actual love that only a third grader can feel.  For a while I imagined me and Chelsea living in this sort of bizarre white room beneath my driveway.  I had it all planned out - there would be a secret elevator, sunken into the pavement, that my parents wouldn\'92t know about.  It would raise out of the ground when I approached, lower me down to this sterile-feeling white room with various pieces of white furniture and best of all Chelsea.  Her brown hair and eyes were the only things that punctuated the serene space that glowed like the inside of a movie-set spacecraft.\
	I swear to god I\'92m not a creep.  I have no idea from whence this Silence of the Lambs-esque  fantasy came, but frankly I refuse to worry myself about it.  One of the tenants of childhood is immunity to impure thought, so wherever that thought came from, it was a good place.  Plus this is where this dream ended - I truly had no idea what we would do in this place together.  \
	Another dream I had involved guns.  The aliens began their descent into the classroom from the roof, the windows darkening and fog billowing down from the fluorescent lights.  We had to act fast, for as we all know, aliens wait for no man.  Mrs. Hudson goes to the coat closet and retrieves the rifle the school has provided for us in case of situations like this - it weighs a ton and she does not think she will be able to fire it.  She scans the classroom for the manliest of the third grade boys to take the mantle of exterminating this otherworldly threat, an action which will consequently save the entire class, including Chelsea.  Especially Chelsea.  \
	Mrs. Hudson initially makes the mistake of handing the rifle to some guy who\'92s name I can\'92t remember, we\'92ll call him Ryan.  As he begins to inspect it nervously, I intervene to correct a glaring oversight - \
	\'93Ryan,\'94 I ask him, \'93Have you ever even shot a gun?\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94 he admits sheepishily, \'93I\'92ve shot a BB gun before . . .\'94\
	I shake my head.  \'93That\'92s what I thought.\'94 I say, removing the gun from his childish hands.  \
	It\'92s important to note that I had never fired a gun either, not even a BB gun.  But this was not seen as a problem.  Like a pro I leaned down to one knee, the gun making all sorts of clicking sounds I had heard in movies.  Chelsea would clasp her hands and look at me hopefully, trustingly - as a ceiling tile descended slowly, revealing a squat, E.T.-like being, backlit dramatically with colored lights.\
	Here\'92s where things got complicated - see, I actually really liked aliens.  As a concept at least.  Usually at this point in the fantasy I began to communicate with the alien, reaching a peacful agreement - he was just confused, did not realize he was barging in on a long division lesson.  That\'92s just how aliens enter places, its not their fault.  I make good friends with the aliens, sometimes even leaving with them.  Regardless of the outcome, everyone is impressed and jealous.  Especially that dope Ryan.  He totally would have shot the poor alien.\
\
	The trade off for daydreams has always been time - at the end of third grade I had a headful of fantasies but still was unable to communicate them.  If anything the canyon between me and reality had widened, and I thought about Chelsea so much that it was now impossible to even see her as a real person.  Everything she did was imbued with the drama of yearner\'92s exaggeration, and suddenly the orchestra was playing for her too - as she skipped through a foursquare court, as she opened a carton of milk - I remember feeling just this gush of who knows what as she attempted to pull the little flaps apart without ripping them, the most pensive look on her brow.  It was living poetry, it really was.  \
	This daily routine continued.  Through summer, to fourth grade.  Through fourth grade summer to fifth grade.  I\'92ve got more stories from these years if you want to hear them sometime, but they really have nothing to do with Chelsea, apart from the way every story has something to do with the person you loved at the time.\
	So let\'92s skip ahead to fifth grade.  I\'92m in Mrs. Guice\'92s class, which is great because she loved Star Wars.  Now, waiting three years for a girl is one thing, but being too shy to talk to one deserves neither pity nor praise.  Its simply embarrassing.  I wish I could take all the sighs I breathed those years and replace them with exclamation points.  But then I also wonder if that would have even mattered.  Some days I think yes, others I think no. \
	What happened was, I had a sleepover.  One of those great fifth grade sleepovers where you pass out at five in the morning after running shirtless through the neighborhood waving empty mountain dew two liters.  If you\'92ve never ran shirtless through your neighborhood in the middle of the night I recommend it, its extremely cleansing.  But you tend to let things slip in the throes of uninhibited youthful catharsis.  Like maybe the fact that you had a crush, or had had crush for a very long time and had never said anything about it.  \
	\'93Since THIRD GRADE?\'94 Jake wooped.  \'93Oh man.  That\'92s too long.\'94\
	Everyone agreed.\
	\'93Are you going to tell her?  LET US TELL HER\'94 Robby pleaded, his eyes glowing with anticipation.\
	\'93No no no,\'94 I insisted, \'93I can handle it.  Don\'92t.\'94 \
	\'93We\'92re going to tell her.\'94 Robby insisted, crawling into his sleeping bag.  \'93Or you need to.  Somebody needs to.\'94\
	As I closed my eyes that night I felt uncomfortable.  I had reason to be.  Ten year old boys aren\'92t exactly known for keeping their mouths shut, or taking social norms into account before they speak.  And sure enough, all through Monday\'92s lunch Robby smiled so wide that secrets were being secreted from the gaps between his big dumb teeth.  He wasn\'92t saying anything to the guys that weren\'92t there, he was a pretty decent guy that way.  But when I saw him scanning the cafeteria I began to scarf my PB&J, while he in turn began to haul ass through his Lunchables.  My mom never let me eat Lunchables.\
	Still stuffing crackers into his mouth Robby sprinted from the lunch table and myself after him, out the open double doors, down the gravel-dirt path to the playground.\
	In those days Chelsea spent her time on the old wooden playscape, or the swings near by.  This day she was swinging softly by herself, like a dove swaying back and forth on a light branch caught in a breeze.  The smile, maybe that\'92s what got me the most.\
	Robby was skidding in the gravel, giggling wildly, B lining towards her.  I grabbed him by the shoulder and begged him:\
	\'93Please Robby, I don\'92t know what she\'92ll say.\'94\
	He looked confused, but slightly moved by what was now visible anxiety.  \
	\'93That\'92s why were asking her, right?\'94\
	\
	I sit on the top level of the new metal playscape, by the fire pole.  I can see Chelsea from there, I can see Robby talking to her.  Jake too, why did he go?  He didn\'92t need to be a part of this. \
Occasionally Chelsea looks over and I avert my eyes even though she\'92s a good thirty yards away.  What are they talking about for so long?  It feels like days before Robby finally gives her a nod and runs back to the spot below where I sat.\
	\'93She says she doesn\'92t like you.\'94\
	Oh god, the pain in this moment - \
	\'93She doesn\'92t want to see a movie with you.\'94\
	It was like being slowly punctured by the fragments of every hope shattering inside you - \
	\'93But she will if you pay her.\'94\
	\'93What?\'94\
	\'93Three dollars an hour.  Five dollars for a kiss.\'94\
	I\'92m going 	to be honest with you - I really considered this.  I checked my velcro Power Rangers wallet, and as usual found absolutely no money, just the backs of some action figure boxes and a cool piece of string I had found on the floor at the grocery store.  \
	\'93How long is the movie we were gonna to see?\'94  I asked Robby.\
	Robby just shook his head.  \
\
	Well I didn\'92t do it.  Me and Chelsea never spoke again (or ever, I guess).  It felt awful and unusual to even think about her now - what was there left to say?  Up to this point, I figured I had all probable outcomes figured out.  For years I had planned in my mind what I would say in every situation, I was just waiting for the fuse to be lit and I would be ready.  Only one factor remained unaccounted for - that Chelsea was destined to grow up to become a total bitch.  Like I said, the game up to this point is null.  That dove on the swing had sharp talons and a beak just waiting to peck holes in boyhood romances.  You think I\'92m just being bitter, but its true.  I went to middle school with Chelsea too - even worse, my mom got a job in that weird little room off the library with Chelsea\'92s mom the following year.  Every morning she would drive me and my sister to work with her, where I would catch a bus from the elementary school to the middle school along with Chelsea, Chelsea\'92s friend, and a couple of our neighbors.  We sat together in that room every damn morning for an entire year, not talking, but this time I guess it made more sense.  The last memory I have of Chelsea is standing behind her outside, waiting for the bus to pick us up.  Her friend is standing close to her and whispering, and she just shakes her head and says loudly, \'93Once a no, always a no.\'94  Damn Chelsea.  I got the point the first time.\
\
\

\b \
Chapter 3 - Megan? (6th grade - 1998)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
	I can\'92t say for sure what awaits sinners after death, but Cedar Park Middle School was created to give us the general impression.  Not just my school, but all of them - grouping eleven to thirteen year olds together in an attempt to absolve their private struggles collectively is like - well, like middle school.  You know exactly what I\'92m talking about.\
	It isn\'92t easy for anyone, as hard as it is to convince yourself of that at the time - it has nothing to do with how good you look or how not-awkward you manage to be, because you are so busy viewing yourself from a tiny internal mirror about the size of a dentist tool - you inspect one piece at a time, seeing each individual flaw, but never getting the gestalt which is usually not all that terrible.  \
	I was not all that terrible.  I look at the pictures now and think that I look like a pretty typical eleven year old; factory stamped, standard issue.  But at the time I could not believe that I was anything other than an unholy contrivance sent to destroy conversations and run first impressions directly into brick walls.  Not one was to be left alive.  \
	One day as I stood outside a classroom, I attempted to balance myself on the back of a desk - on the chair part, which was attached to a desk-surface with metal loops that held the whole thing up.  This is really hard to do, if you\'92ve ever tried it.  I was finally reaching an equilibrium, rocking back and forth rapidly to maintain my masterful levitation, when an older boy walking by me stopped.\
	\'93What are you doing to that chair?\'94 he asked.\
	I paused, confused.\
	\'93Hey, this kid\'92s fucking that desk!\'94 he yelled, attracting the attention of everyone within earshot.  Laughs mixed with feigned disgust was thrown to me by peers, as I attempted to explain the whole balancing thing they did not seem to be grasping.  Unable to lay logic over the tops of the heckles I walked away sheepishly, vowing to never perform any activity out of the ordinary in public again.\
	That is how those days went - I walked to class, I tried not to do anything eye-catching . . . I sat in class, I tried to hide my doodles so no one would see.  From every orifice I was teeming with this unusual energy that was contraband to the middle school mindset - it could not be relieved in small spurts on P.E. courts or through engaging social settings - it came out all at once, through my pencil or my mouth, through my walk and my awkward and still developing hand gestures that at the time looked less like body language and more like the pantomime of an animatronic Goofy welcoming you to the Epcot Center.  \
	But there was one place where this energy was welcome - not just welcome, but expected.  And that was the middle school dance.  In talking to others I\'92ve been told that my school\'92s dances were much better than theirs - mine took place in the darkened gym, and lasted from six until ten.\
	\'93Until ten?\'94 someone always says.  \'93Mine were right after school, our parents had to pick us up by five.  They were in the fully-lit cafeteria.\'94\
	Sucks to be you guys.  Did anyone even go?  I probably wouldn\'92t have.  Actually, that\'92s not true; I would have shown up anywhere I was told I might be able to touch a girl.   But that\'92s beside the point. \
	At five forty we would line up outside the double doors.  Since three o\'92clock I would have been twitching on the couch nervously, too preoccupied to play Tekken 3, my outfit of choice already laying on my bed like the remains left from a vaporizer gun in a cheesy science fiction movie.  For this particular dance, the ensemble was simple - a bright blue shirt with a group of aliens standing around on the back, one of which was dressed eccentrically and wearing a rainbow clown wig.  Above them in bold graffiti letters was written \'93THERE\'92S ONE IN EVERY CROWD\'94.  This was my way of telling the ladies what exactly it was I was bringing to the table.  This was accented by a pair of not-yet-washed Lee pipes, the pants that finally answered the deafening cry of the public for smaller pockets stacked within larger pockets, several layers deep like Russian nesting dolls.  To finish the whole thing off was a pair of near-new Airwalks, blue and grey canvas with fluffy soles and flat bottoms that I had only worn through the grass once, whose bright white tips remained relatively un-scuffed.  \
	Everyone was wearing carefully planned out attire, what my mom called \'93Looking their best without wanting people to think they\'92re trying to look their best\'94.  Except for Ryan Butts.  He was wearing a suit and cummerbund.\
	\'93He cleans up nice.\'94 Joey said.  Joey wore basically the same thing as me, only his tshirt was bright orange and said Quicksilver on it, with a picture of a wave.  Both our our scalps were saturated with hair gel, and we stunk of Adidas cologne.  This was the top of our game.  \
	To get to the gym we had to walk through the cafeteria, where the lunch lady stood behind a portable vending cart selling nachos, popcorn, and glowsticks (?) with all the passion of court ordered public service.  Everyone threw their jackets and purses into a big pile beside the coat racks on the stage, and made their way down the surreal, unlit hallway to the gym.\
	Inside the giant dark space, bad 90\'92s R&B permeated the air while colored lights and disco balls spun eccentrically across the crowds of our peers, obscuring them, making it hard to find who we were looking for.  Me and Joey were supposed to find Jake and Steven, but soon were separated ourselves - everywhere there were bodies and faces and laughter and soon I could not tell where in the gym I was.\
	If I could go back to any time to relive the thrill of the chase, I would choose a middle school dance.  Before we could drink, before it was even possible to have sex, before anyone had boyfriends or exes, there were these huddled groups of self conscious boys and girls that knew nothing except the exhilaration of placing one\'92s heart on the line for the sudden rush of endorphins that came with being liked.  Something less than love but more than toleration.  All any of us wanted was to be preferred, in some way, to be the one out of the several to be dancing instead of swaying idly, hands to their sides. You could just feel the awkward energy.  Something about the whole situation made me just a little more capable, and I found myself staring at girls, receiving stares in return . . . no longer caring where Joey was.  \
	I was not overwhelmingly confident, but I had a  pattern that worked.  At the first downbeat there would be the nervous hussle, the whisper-and-stares - the segregated masses attempting to rearrange themselves boy-girl boy-girl.  I was too nervous to just jump in and start asking girls to dance - I waited for all this hubub to settle.  Because about a minute in she would surface - the girl that had been passed over.  \
	This has 
\i always
\i0  been my girl.  The first-picked never suited me, never wanted me - you could see them tallying the boys circling them like vultures, keeping silent score.  No thanks.  There is something innately unattractive about a girl that can conjure a partner with the flick of her hips - especially the self-awareness that develops from being told that she is pretty far too often.\
	No, the real catch will never have her choice of dance partner.  She\'92ll probably be wearing neon leggings that her mom picked out, her hair may be a bit frizzy and her makeup silly and unwarranted, but when she smiles at you you\'92re getting sincerity, and that beats short skirts and flavored lip gloss without contest.  It might also be important to note that when you meet this girl again in college she will be gorgeous and you will wonder why you walked right past her all those years ago.\
	Still, I struggled to make that connection - I too was a non-first-picked, and rarely could I convince myself that an unattended female would prefer me over not dancing at all.  Like I said, unholy contrivance of destroying first impressions.  But I admired them from a distance, like at an art museum, and eventually, when we would finally be standing close enough and she would smile and I would laugh and there would be an unspoken moment of \'93well, we\'92re at a dance, I suppose we might as well . . .\'94 and then we would be dancing.  \
	I danced with many different girls.  Some of them were short and looked up at me, asked me questions or told me things as we danced.  Others were tall and I spent the two or three minutes staring at their chin, brushed hastily with foundation, wondering if they were enjoying this spinning-in-circles thing we were doing.  Yes, there has never been anything quite like the middle school dance.  \
	Somewhere in the corner by the bleachers I stopped to catch my breath, where there were not so many people.  The DJ was playing \'93Totsee Roll\'94 and we were all shaking awkwardly, seperately, to the aggressively sexual take on a beloved candy when a girl approached me.  She was standing so close, literally looking me up and down like livestock.\
	Without much warning she threw her arms around my neck and began to dance with me.  I could not dance to fast songs, so I swung my torso back and forth to the sound of synth cymbals, trying to rationalize this girl that was somehow feeling this beat like nobody\'92s business, her eyes closed and body swaying like a pendulum.  Her long brown hair showed little sign of careful planning, so unlike the braided updos of the rest of her grade.  She wore a grey fitted t-shirt and torn jeans.  And her eyes, when she opened them, were not confused and muddled, but clean, cutting, razors.\
	There was Joey!  The ol\'92 hound, he was dancing in the same corner as me, with this tall blonde girl.  She was very much not good looking, but she had the same knowing sway in her hips, which unlike so many 6th graders were beginning to show shape.  Joey adjusted his arms around them trying to find a comfortable, yet polite position, as the girl more or less used him as a prop.  \
	My girl - I believe she told me her name was Megan? - leaned in and hugged me as the song faded into the speakers.  \'93Thanks!\'94 she said, turning to answer the loud calls of the blonde girl that still clung to Joey\'92s shoulders.  He gave me this satisfied smirk, nodding at the developing breasts of his partner.  Girls did not hug us.  Even dancing was only accomplished by the obligatory nature of the event.  Megan pushed her tiny frame into my body as she jabbered with the blond girl, twisting to a new song that was just starting.  \
	The girls made conversation when the songs ended and stage whispered amongst themselves, positioning us so that they could talk more easily.  Me and joey bumped our eyebrows, looking to each other and then the girls - we were amazed, but feigned minor satisfaction as though this had been the expected result of the night.  A few more songs and me and Joey were ready to up the ante - we went to the bathroom and discussed it privately.  \
	\'93I don\'92t know dude, girlfriends.\'94\
	\'93Yeah we could totally dude.\'94\
	\'93Who\'92s going to ask them out?\'94\
	This was a task that, at our age, was generally outsourced.\
	\'93You can ask mine out.  I\'92ll ask yours out.\'94\
	We nodded.  \
	Returning to the floor I immediately broke whatever rhythm I had established and stood perfectly still beside Megan.\
	\'93What\'92s going on?\'94 Megan asked, attempting to dance with my rigid body.  \'93You look like you have bad news?\'94\
	Joey approached her from the left, tapping her on the shoulder politely.\
	\'93Excuse me, Nick would like me to ask you something.\'94  \
	I stood unresponsive, eyes averted, trembling nervously as if at a defendant\'92s stand.\
	\'93He would like to know if 
\i you
\i0  would like to go out with him.\'94\
	Megan looked at me; I smiled back politely and nodded my head.  She turned back to Joey.  \
	\'93When?\'94\
	We exchanged confused glances - this particular form of dating vernacular was foreign to us, as we had always thought that to go out with someone meant to be in a boyfriend/girlfriend situation.\
	\'93Um, forever I guess.\'94\
	I shook my head angrily.\
	\'93Or no, just for now.  For whenever.  Until you don\'92t want to anymore.\'94\
	Megan and the tall blonde girl smirked at eachother, and erupted into laughter.  \'93Yeah ok, that sounds good.\'94 she grabbed my arm and resumed dancing.\
	\'93Nick, do me!\'94 Joey whined, refusing contact with the blonde girl until all was settled.  I can only assumed they worked things out, because that whole night was spent fawning over these girls, awkwardly exchanging conversation and watching their hips, attempting to move at the same time as them.  Occasionally they would wander off and we would dart around in the dark like wolves hunting sheep that were slightly smarter than us, and also invisible.  \
	\'93Where\'92d she go?\'94 Joey asked.  \
	\'93She\'92s over there!\'94 I would say, pointing to Megan.\
	\'93No, not her, mine!\'94\
	And just when we thought that they had been lost forever, that they had gone home or had been snared in some other boy\'92s arms, one of them would come wandering out of the crowd, the other following right behind her.  We would smile.  We knew they were coming back.\
	I remember wanting to grab Megan\'92s hand, and doing so.  This had never been so easy with Chelsea; for years I had pined for Chelsea\'92s affections and I could not even manage to touch her finger tips.  Now maybe an hour since meeting this girl, I had surpassed years of imagined wants and was breaking new ground with each passing moment.\
  	\'93Prove it!\'94 the blond girl giggled loudly, \'93I dare you!\'94\
	Megan was dancing in my arms but I couldn\'92t hear her voice.\
	\'93If you\'92re being dared to, I think you better.\'94 I said, in the most sincere tone I could muster.  I had no idea what was going on but I assumed that a dare posed between the two of them could only benefit me.\
	\'93Ok, one time.\'94 she said to the blonde girl, then turned to face me.  Her eyes burst open again and released more of that cool wind, like standing next to an air conditioner just as it kicked on.  She leaned in hard and pressed tense lips against mine, and I experienced my first kiss.  \
	\'93I didn\'92t see it.\'94 said the blonde girl.  \'93Doesn\'92t count.\'94\
	Megan grabbed me by the collar and thrust her face into mine again, this time a little less awkward but still confused and muddled, her body loosely wrapped in my arms.  She released and pulled in, twice again.\
	\'93Ok ok, that\'92s enough, knock it off.\'94  The blonde girl looked away in disgust.  Joey starred on slack-jawed like he had just watched a killer whale bite a sailor in half.  \
	\'93Do you want to-\'94 he asked the blonde girl.\
	\'93No.\'94\
	The couple resumed their merry twirling as I held Megan closer to me, a sort of slow hug-dance ripe with the impure intent of a middle school boy.\
	Now don\'92t get any ideas.  We were in sixth grade for chrissake.  Despite the raging hormones I was a little too young to conceive anything beyond exactly what we were doing.  But there was a desire tethered to my groin, as unspecific as it was strong.  I wanted whatever she had, whatever that was, however I was supposed to get it.  Still, I had no idea what was to come next, so we writhed closely against each other until the lights were turned on and the DJ began to play the monster mash.  \
	My mom was waiting in our large blue rapist van outside.  It was the most uncool escort vehicle possible but I didn\'92t care right then.  I climbed into the passenger door smiling smugly.\
	\'93How\'92d it go?\'94 she asked.\
	\'93I have a girlfriend.\'94 I told her, nodding and flashing a thumbs up, like a fighter pilot signaling the death strike to his fellow, equally-cool squadron leaders.\
	\
	Unsurprisingly, Monday morning felt nothing like Friday night.  As most of our time together had been spent aggressively flailing our bodies together, Megan and I found we had scarce few jumping-off points for conversation at school.  I tried to carry her backpack for her, lay my coat down over dubious patches of carpet, all the things I\'92d seen in movies that impressed girls and made you a gentleman - but they did little more than serve to creep out the girl that I liked less and less with each passing class period.\
	On Tuesday afternoon I stood in the dirt before Megan, who sat on a stump.\
	\'93Umm,\'94 I stated, attempting to make polite reason of the feelings I\'92d assumed I\'92d never have.  \'93I don\'92t want to go out with you anymore.\'94\
	\'93K, whatever.\'94 Megan nodded and returned her attention to the blonde girl, that sat on an adjacent stump, on Joey\'92s lap.  She was a good deal larger than him, and he tried to look badass, nodding to me self-assuradely while disguising a wince every time she moved.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Chapter 4, Chapter 4 - Erin (7th grade - 1999)\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	In the August of seventh grade, I was sitting with Ian and Sheldon in the hallway, working on a group project, while they talked to a girl they both knew.  \
	\'93I heard you got some dick this weekend.\'94 the girl said to Ian. \
	Sheldon burst into laughter, banging his fist onto the desk between us.\
	\'93I don\'92t know what 
\i you
\i0  heard,\'94 Ian retorted, \'93I got some puss.\'94\
	\'93Yeah sure.  Who - was it Amy?\'94\
	Ian beamed proudly.\
	\'93Whatever, whatever.\'94 The girl twirled a wooden hallpass on her finger as she sashayed away, disappearing around a corner.\
	Sheldon waited to make sure she was gone.  \'93Ian rainbow kissed that girl.\'94\
	\'93Niiiiiice.\'94 I replied, as earnestly as I could.  \
	Sheldon smirked and leaned in, his eyes low and unhygienic.\
	\'93Do you know what a rainbow kiss is?\'94\
	\'93 . . . no . . .\'94 I replied.  Kissing a girl under a rainbow?  In some sort of . . . arc?  I imagined a rainbow shooting out of my mouth, decapitating the girl I was trying to kiss.\
	Sheldon leaned in closer and began to whisper in my ear, as Ian kept watch pensively, to ensure no teacher was picking up on this delicate piece of information.  Unfortunately, he was so concerned with being secretive that I could 
\i not
\i0  
\i actually hear
\i0  what he was half whispering, half giggling into my ear.  \
	Sheldon finished and sat up.  \'93Now you\'92re dirty like us.\'94\
	I nodded wisely, improved my posture as well to reflect this sudden maturity.  \
	\'93That\'92s great.\'94 I said, \'93That - that\'92s awesome.\'94  \
	While writing this I looked up what a rainbow kiss was, and only now do I realize they were talking about the play by Scottish writer Simon Farquhar.  At least I think so; there was an alternate definition, but that couldn\'92t have been it, because it was 
\i fucking disgusting
\i0 .  I swear to god, I was not thinking about shit like that when I was twelve.  I guess I was the odd one - I should have shared in their filthy fascination, perhaps making up my own (untrue) stories of sexual conquest.  But everything I had experienced with Megan made the whole enterprise sickening to me - our one night stint had been rocket fuel in a motorized scooter, and I felt that I would be just as happy on a bicycle.\
	The bicycle was Erin.  Every other morning we had science class together - she would already be there by the time I showed up.  I learned to come in before her, which was quite early, and I would sit in that general cluster of desks near her usual spot, a sort of pathetic lottery for the chance to end up sitting next to her.  Sometimes I would land behind her and I could take her in with minimum creepiness - her hair perpetually done up in a sloppy ponytail, her choice of clothes comfortable and contemporary, tshirts and jeans, so contrary to the tight shorts and tank tops typical amongst her classmates.  We lived in central Texas after all, the heat alone gave girls half an excuse to prance around in scarcely more than bathing suits.  This was not an uncommon occurrence.  Texas is a wonderful place to be a young boy.\
	Anyway, the thing about the tshirts and sweats is that Erin wore them beautifully - while other girl\'92s clothes were pinned to them like censor bars, restricting their movement and cutting off their circulation, that grey Aggies sweatshirt draped itself around Erin like a storm cloud, concealing some quiet mystery of what form lied beneath.  I imagined it was a tiny man drinking tea by a window, a single lamp illuminating a book of divine feminine secrets clasped tightly in his hands.  \
	I didn\'92t talk to her of course.  I should maybe point out that in seventh grade, I was not particularly well-liked amongst my classmates.  If you\'92ve read the previous chapters, you might have already picked up on a few reasons why your twelve year old self may have hated my twelve year old self.  If you\'92d like another, for narrative\'92s sake, I was also quite sure that I was consistently the most amusing person in the room.  Any room.  In elementary school I had experienced some initial success as a class clown, but my humor was not translating well with this older, more mature audience.  Rather than exiting the stage gracefully, I resolved to push the envelope on my trademarks of the past - slapstick, feigning mental disorders, and very terrible puns.  After many class periods of bombing I refused to give up, and that is when I became annoying.  \
	I got ridiculed alot that year.  I deserved it.  Certainly,  a correct amount of social repercussion is what\'92s made me a less-annoying adult.  But there was a kid in that class named Eric, and he was meaner to me than anyone else in my entire life.  It was a such a dense, spiteful sort of meanness - saying he bullied me is like saying Hitler bullied the Jews.  It was a campaign.  I imagined him sitting at a big wooden table at night, drafting out new and more horrible ways of drawing attention to my social shortcomings.  The truth of the matter was, he was just extremely adept at finding the tender parts of you, and gnawing at them until something broke.  \
	The first time I met Eric, he said:\
	\'93Hey Faggot.\'94\
	Nonchalantly, too.  He had been walking by me, had tapped an open palm on my desk - I looked up, confused, but he was at the back of the classroom by then, talking with someone else.  He was thin like my but athletic, with orange-brown hair and a big stupid nose.  I had seen him before but - I looked around for an explanation.  Why the hell did he just do that?\
	After that, Eric always had something to say.  Every failed joke was dealt a finishing blow.  \
	\'93Did you read the chapter about helium?\'94 someone asked.  \
	\'93Yeah,\'94 I replied smirking, \'93I couldn\'92t put it down!\'94\
	\'93You\'92re a queeeeeeer\'94 Eric sneered from behind us.  \
	He was infinitely more clever than me.  Well, I don\'92t know if clever is the right word.  But he had special powers.  He could broadcast my weakest parts; put them on permanent, public display at the center of attention.  \
	He was on the bus I rode to the middle school in the morning - the one that picked me and Chelsea up from the elementary school where our parents worked.  Riding it with her was rough enough, but Eric made it hell.  The first time I got on he nearly lost it.\
	\'93Oh, not this kid.  Sit in the front.\'94 he commanded.  \'93I don\'92t want that guy anywhere near me.  He picks his nose and wipes it everywhere.\'94  I received a sustained look of horror from every passenger on the bus.  From then on, every morning when I reached the top of the stairs everyone would fill out their seats, set their backpacks beside them, until there was no place at all for me to sit.  \
	\'93We can\'92t leave until everyone sits down!\'94  The bus driver would yell into that big rectangular rearview mirror.  \'93The bus isn\'92t even full!  Find a place to sit!\'94\
	The bus was full enough for me to get bogarted out of a seat.  Eventually I would sit down on the edge of some seat, the person occupying it reacting in bitter disgust, as if I were carrying with me a large, uncovered tupperware container full of human feces.\
	I\'92m going to be perfectly honest with you, reader.  I feel like we\'92re establishing an intimate bond here, and I don\'92t intend to let any detail escape your grasp.  That\'92s why I have no qualms in telling you that in seventh grade, I did pick my nose.  Now, I could give you all sorts of legitimate excuses, like how my chronic allergies made this quite a beneficial activity, but the truth of the matter is that it was just a bad habit I had never gotten around to dropping.  Eric had seen me in the act once.  I worked so diligently to conceal it, but this kid was a bloodhound for embarrassment.  I hadn\'92t stood a chance.  \
	He turned the crowd against me.\
	He turned Jeffery against me.  \
	One particular day I boarded the bus wearing a bright blue Hawaiian print shirt - these were the trendiest thing imaginable and I was wearing one at exactly the right time, not a few months late like usual.  I had science class first period and I could not wait for Erin to get a load of me in this freaking great shirt.  \
	After about five minutes of shuffling around, attempting to find a seat, the bus driver\'92s screech reached its maximum octave and a boy dangerously close to the back of the bus moved his backpack over and rolled his eyes.  Now, the back of the bus is where the cool kids sat - or I guess in this case the most dangerous.  There was Eric, some goth kids, and a large hispanic girl with three teardrop tattoos on the side of her left eye.  She was as loud and obnoxious as all get out, and I was sitting 
\i frighteningly 
\i0 close to her.  I was encroaching upon their territory.  \
	\'93Ahhhhhh!\'94 she whined, \'93I can smell him.  I can smell him!\'94\
	Somehow my personal mythology had expanded to include me smelling bad as well.  There was no validity to this part, I showered like a mother fucker in those days.  \
	\'93Smeelllllllssss!!\'94 Jeffery yelled.  Jeffery was retarded.  He sat in the back of the bus because, who was going to stop him?  The goth kids, the girl, Eric - they had adopted him and had taught him to say bad words like a parrot.  \
	\'93Shit smelly son!\'94 he yelled at me.  \'93Shit like a 
\i buttwipe
\i0 , kid!\'94\
	The girl pulled out a spritzer of girly fragrance, the kind you get at Bath and Body Works.  She began to mist herself and the immediate area comically.\
	\'93Don\'92t spray that shit all over me!\'94 Eric protested.  \'93Its the shit that stinks, not us.\'94\
	\'93Spray the shit, fucker sitting on shit, POOP!\'94\
	\'93You want to spray the shit?\'94 the girl asked Jeffery.  She handed him the bottle of fragrance.  \
	There was nowhere to escape to, even if I had tried.  Eric leaped ahead to the seat behind me, and pinned me to the seat of the bus.  The boy that had been sitting next to me was now a few rows up, turned back, just watching.  \
	Jeffery jumped into the seat beside me - he held the bottle just inches away and began to spritz me, all the while delivering an indecipherable diatribe so close to me that his spittle landed on my lips.  \'93Now see what happens when the shit is like people?  GO TO TOILET!  You go stick your dick out in gym you get what\'92s comin\'92 like a real man!\'94\
	The phrase had not context.  Nothing did.  I lied there a took it, hoping that would speed the process, but it didn\'92t.  In the front of the bus I could see Chelsea turned back, laughing hysterically.\
	Entering the school I smelt like a vat of strawberries and rock candy that had been caramelized in the hollowed out chest of a Care Bear.  Whispered explanations began to trickle all around and I picked up my pace to keep anyone from realizing that the smell was coming from me.  When I darted into science class, roughly twenty five minutes early, Mrs. Corr didn\'92t have to ask me anything.  Not even Erin showed up that early.   \
	\'93My shirt  . . .\'94 \
	I didn\'92t want to explain anything.\
	\'93Is it wet?\'94  You could easily see the deep saturation of the pungent liquid on my shirt, my perfect goddamn Hawaiian shirt.  \
	\'93Do you want to hang it up?\'94\
	Mrs. Corr lead me to her back office area, filled with all sorts of science-y things - beakers, dead things in jars, models of the solar system.  She pulled some hanger off a shelf above a coat rack.  When she turned back, I was buttoning the shirt onto a scale model of a human torso.  We had a good laugh about that.  I honestly think that\'92s the only way I made it through those days.  Ella Wheeler had it right - Laugh and the world laughs with you; weep, and you weep alone.  \
	Sorry, that was a pretty long tangent.  I can\'92t tell if that\'92s going to be crucial to the story, or if I just wanted to get it out.  But the point I want to make is that when I looked at Erin, I could see plenty of reasons for her not to like me.  Especially on this day - I sat there in my white undershirt, feeling even more detached than normal.  You wore white undershirts to school because you were poor, or lazy, or both, and sadly all that was better than \'93because I was accosted by a kid who couldn\'92t tie his own shoelaces,\'94 so I never said a word about the matter.\
	Steven was my best friend in seventh grade, and I was lucky enough to have him in that science class with me.  Still, I never told him this story either.  We were both pretty dorky, sported the same ridiculous chili bowl haircut, used Gameshark to fight Queen Gohma as adult link.  However, he had found a way to manage all this alot better than I had - he was clever and unflinching in his nerdiness, and when you really own your personality quirks, it makes it a lot easier for people to tolerate them.  He had a girlfriend named Anna, who was also in our science class, and 
\i this
\i0  was a beautiful thing because Anna was totally BFFs with Erin.  When it came time for one of those four person group projects, guess who\'92s team I was on?  I 
\i lived 
\i0 for the days I would come in to find test tubes and bunsen burners laid out across the lab tables.\
	Any day but today.  My confidence was zapped.  I would need at 
\i least
\i0  three hours of listening to Hanson and drawing fighter jets to shake this one off.  But Mrs. Corr pulled a fast one on us and wheeled out the rack of eMacs.  \
	eMacs were these little educational computers - not the ones by Apple, maybe I\'92m remembering the name wrong - anyway, these tiny green computers folded in half like a laptop, and ran two, green-tinted programs - a word processor, and a drawing program similar to Microsoft Paint.  When not in use, they rested in a wooden rack similar to a book cart, each stamped with a little numbered label.  \
	\'9327!\'94 Steven called.  He always wanted number 27.\
	\'93No one cares.\'94 I told him.  \'93They\'92re all the same.\'94\
	Steven would then point out the slightly different hue in the front cover, the smaller logo on its base.  \'93Its not the same.\'94 he insisted.  \'93This one is 
\i ours.
\i0 \'94\
	Everyone knew this about number 27.  Including Eric, unfortunately.  Because as me, Anna, Steven, and Erin sat around the lab table that morning, Steven opened the tiny green device to reveal that the drawing program had been left open - and displayed on it was a hand-drawn portrait of a young boy with a chili bowl haircut, picking his nose.  Beneath the drawing, in large block letters, was written \'93nick\'94.\
	I wanted to die.  I wanted to start one of those chemical fires we were always being warned about and fall into it, bid my classmates to throw water.  \
	Steven quickly closed the program.  Anna started reading the project instructions out loud, and Erin had seen, had 
\i definitely
\i0  seen.  She sat as calmly as ever, and I sat there looking straight ahead and not flinching, not about to participate.  Today I was separate from any sort of work packet, experiment, or letter grade.  I wanted to be set on fire.\
	Hemingway said that the world breaks everyone, and that afterwards many are stronger in the broken places.  Seventh grade was my first introduction to being smashed to pieces in about every way possible, repeatedly, like that stealth attack in Tenchu 2 where Rikimaru breaks every bone his opponent's body.  I embraced it.  My reasoning was probably a little more Tenchu 2 than \ul A Farewell to Arms\ulnone , but the theory remained in my head a strengthening process was taking place, a process I could not give up on, no matter how desperate it felt. \
	I went home that night and started to write a note.  In those days, this was a popular form of communication.  You would fold up the sheet of notebook paper you\'92d written your little message on (a lot of girls knew fancy ways of doing this), and write a \'91to\'92 and \'91from\'92 line on it, like a tiny Christmas gift.  I looked at the little package I had created.  In just two days we would have science class again.  Until then, the note rode in my pocket everywhere - I did not trust to leave it at home, or in my backpack.  It got front pocket treatment; a special place at the time, before a cellphone claimed that place exclusively.  \
	Consequently, when the day arrived the note had become creased and greasy, wrinkled in a few places.  the last shreds of decorum it possessed I wrung out of it that morning, compressing it anxiously in my closed fist, waiting for Anna to arrive.\
	When she walked in, she sat down right beside Erin.  This was going to be tricky.  I wanted to look as collected as possible as I made the drop, discretion was key.  I thought hard about the delivery - what I would say, what my eyebrows would do.  I eventually settled on a subtle \'93 Hey -\'94, with a slight nod, while slowly lowering the note onto her desk.  This was perhaps a little 
\i too
\i0  thought out, because Anna and Erin looked at me as if I was performing interpretive dance.  I removed myself quickly from the situation and stole away to my desk, where I aimed my scorched ear in the direction of the confused girls.\
	\'93I don\'92t know\'94 I could hear Anna say, giggling.  The note was being rumpled.  Once unfolded, Anna would read this:\
\
	
\i Anna,\
\
	Will you ask Erin out for me?\
	\
	Thanx\
\
	Nick\
\

\i0 	I never claimed to be poetic, just honest.  Don\'92t even ask what the 
\i x
\i0  is about, I think I thought it looked cool.  At least they were now talking and not laughing or anything.  I could hear muted whispers behind me as they debated the note\'92s contents, my blood rushing a pure adrenaline volcano through my veins.  The dice had been thrown, now the only thing to be done was to wait.  \
	\'93Is this for real?\'94 Anna asked me.  She had walked up right beside me, held my not listlessly  in one hand.  She did not harbor the same ritualistic masochism I did when it came to note passing.\
	\'93Y-yeah.\'94 I answered, stuttering nervously.  I mean, what the hell Anna?\
	\'93Ok.  Well, Erin says yes.\'94\
	My eyes widened as I considered what had just happened - I looked back at Erin.  I gave her a little wave.  She gave me a nervy little wave back.  \
	We were dating.\
	\
	Things picked up from there, I tell you what.  I\'92ve never been able to understand the sort of super powers one gains from requited love.  All of a sudden the world doesn\'92t hurt you like it used to - you can go days on the pure sustenance of sunshine, sleep one hour and wake up feeling great, 
\i you heal faster
\i0 .  I swear to god, I would wake up with a cold, and feel miserable until I saw her smile.  Pure vitamin C, that\'92s what that girl was.  \
	Erin was new to all this.  Hell, we all were.  Still, she was at a whole different level when it came to that familiar fear.  She felt the same sunshine I\'92m sure but she filtered it through a sieve of anxiety and nervousness.  I think I was her first boyfriend.  This would not be surprising to me - the boys scanned right past her; the pretty parts of her were too subtle to be perceived in a single wayward glance.  This didn\'92t bother her.  She needed not the crutch of a boyfriend, someone to endlessly loop compliments into her ear or to assure her that she was just as pretty as this or that, as smart or as interesting.  It\'92s a good thing, I probably wouldn\'92t have been able to provide those services.  I didn\'92t know what I was doing either.  We were both residents of a strange limbo of puberty, one with no real end-path or goal.  If you want to use the \'91bases\'92 metaphor, we weren\'92t even on the field.  We didn\'92t even know there was a game going on.  \'93What\'92s with all this traffic?\'94 we would ask ourselves, circling the metaphorical stadium, looking for a parking space.  \
	This was probably caused, at least in part, by the fact that we never saw each other outside of school.  We were both a little too shy to approach the idea of a date, Erin especially.  I still don\'92t see how dates work at that age, without cars.  Where would we even go?  Not to mention I had no resources in seventh grade - I could barely afford the next booster pack of magic cards, and I\'92ll be damned if I was about to give that up.  I\'92m sure now that Erin would have been happy just sitting in a park with me, or watching TV together in someone\'92s living room.  But that was not the way my brain was wired to work.  It was permanently tuned to the dramatic.  Maybe my mom and sister made me watch Sleepless in Seattle too many times, but it was impossible for me to picture a date without some grandiose event - a theatrical reunion at a new year\'92s eve party,  a heated conversation in a cafe just months before my bookstore chain devours hers.  The top of some damn building.  I felt like I had nothing to give this girl - inside out I was a mess, despised by my peers save a handful and unable to conjure up romance in any sort of tangible form.  It was saddening in its blatancy, and I did whatever I could to conceal it, to prove that I was worthy of adoration in some way.\
	That year, besides asking Erin out, I joined the track team.  Given my complete ineptitude at sports, you might have found this to be a bad decision - but dammit, I just loved running.  Even today, I find solace incomparable in the beat of a foot against pavement, grass or dirt - I used to run when I walked my dog.  He didn\'92t much care for it, but it did me alot of good.  Anyway, I figured that this was one sport that I could maybe not excel at, but keep an average standing in while exorcizing the demons of puberty by running in circles as fast as possible.\
	As it turns out, track is actually
\i  really hard
\i0 .  I kind of figured that if I sucked I would be ignored, that coach would be happy just to see me getting all that energy out, saving myself from pre-teen obesity.  But coach wanted winners.  He wanted runners faster than they had at Round Rock, that damn spoiled school with the olympic-sized field and three pole vault courts.  \
	He had an axe to grind, and I had nothing to offer the poor man, his angry mouth cancered into oblivion from thick clumps of chew which he shot at our feet with frightening accuracy.  \
	\'93Rabbit Race!\'94 he called.  \'93Rabbit Race until you start acting like athletes instead of a bunch of girls!\'94\
	I can\'92t even tell you how much was wrong with that track program.  But I\'92ll start with the Rabbit Race.  If you\'92re unfamiliar, what this meant is that everyone on the team ran in a nice, single-file line.  The person at the end of the line would run to the front of the line, and then again and again, forever, until coach was convinced we were performing acts worthy of our gender.  It was hell.  I was never meant to be at the front of any line, especially that one.  When I was the last person in the line and coach blew the whistle, it was all I could do not to shrug - each time, without fail, I would get to about the middle of the line, before my chest felt like it was going to cave in and I fell back to last place.\
	\'93You - you in the . . .\'94\
	Coach didn\'92t know my name.  And we all wore matching suits.\
	\'93ALRIGHT, everyone STRETCH.\'94\
	A few people were actually quite thankful that I was on the team.  \
	\'93Thanks buddy,\'94 Sheldon said, slapping me on the back in a manner I was told was not aggressive, but friendly.  He and Ian were both on the track team, and were exceptionally nice to me for being so capable of athletic feats.  \
	\'93I was getting soooooo tired of running.\'94 Ian said, sitting down next to me in the grass.  \'93If you weren\'92t here, that\'92d go on for 
\i at least
\i0  another hour.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, don\'92t ever tell coach your name.\'94\
	\'93You thanking Nick for being a pussy?\'94\
	I swear to god, I would not have signed up for track if I knew Eric was on the team.  He never wore the standard issue sweatshirt outside of practice, which was odd, since everyone was so proud to be loaded one.  Mine had a burrito stain on it, but I didn\'92t care - I handled it like it was made out of plutonium.  \
	\'93You know, you\'92re not allowed to come to the meets if you suck that hard.\'94\
	Eric was right about that one.  Coach didn\'92t even tell me where the bus would be.  The next week I\'92d come in to hear everyone else talking about this or that person\'92s qualifying time, completely out of touch with whatever had happened.  I tell people this now and they\'92re appalled.  \
	\'93They didn\'92t even want you there to cheer on your teammates?  To show school spirit?\'94\
	Apparently not.  Who cares, I had better things to do on a Saturday morning than watch a bunch of people run in circles.  This was the least of my concerns.  I had a girlfriend for chrissake.  I was very busy walking beside her in my track sweatshirt.  It was perhaps the most aggrandizing thing I have ever done.  I say this quite honestly, because I have been drunk in many a bar and club, saturated with whiskey, convinced that I am the most badass and amazing bipedal humanoid to be placed on this earth, but not even 
\i that 
\i0 compared to the feeling I got lacing fingers with Erin as we walked to science class.  Together our hands formed this force field that repelled even the most impolite under-the-breath remarks that followed me from the bus to class to track practice and started over again each morning.  \
	\'93Are you having a good day?\'94 Erin would ask me, and honestly I could say yes.  Right now, yes.\
	I was getting to know her, slowly.  It was a patchwork effort, hampered constantly by her trademark shyness and aversion to direct conversation.  Luckily, all that became alot easier in the nineties due to the advent of AOL instant messenger.  If you didn\'92t have this growing up, I feel sorry for you.  And you younger generations, enjoying these social networks so deeply woven into your offline identity, you\'92re missing out as well.  The AOL chatroom was the perfect balance of intimacy and anonymity - something we may never get back.  But I digress.  On chat, a wall dropped and suddenly I didn\'92t feel like I was pulling teeth to get a conversation out of Erin.  She liked it that way, I could tell, a little bit of distance between us - she began to peel back the surface a little, just a very little.  I had alot of group chats with her and Anna, listened to them talk about the most ridiculous, asinine girl things.  Once, while chatting with them, I let loose one of my patented lame jokes.  \
	\'93That\'92s really carroty,\'94 Erin typed.\
	\'93?\'94 I replied.\
	\'93That\'92s what we say instead of cheesy.\'94 she responded.\
	It was like its own little subset of language.  I understand, it was an inside joke - my friends and I had those too.  But these things that were slowly being drawn out of her, through the perceived privacy of the internet, through the convoluted joke-sayings - there was something real I was just beginning to discover.  I felt as though I had docked my boat at a glacier and only now was the water becoming still enough for me to see that the shape of the ice continued deeper, much deeper into the water than I could see.  There were things I wanted to know about Erin that I began to feel that she wasn\'92t going to be able to explain to me.  She was so perpetually trembly, so nervous at the slightest physical contact.  Even just holding hands, something would occasionally jolt her, and she would lose some color and just let go.  \
	\'93We\'92re very young.\'94 she would remind me.  \
	\'93I know that.\'94  I just wanted to hold her hand.  But Erin was not like other girls.  She didn\'92t have to say it - the listlessness in her eyes that I had mistaken for calm, green oceans hid a constant storm that she herself seemed to have little control over.  I imagine that is just what it\'92s like to be a twelve year old girl.  Still, at times it felt like she was afraid of me.  Couldn\'92t she see that we were on the same team?  That it was us, the perpetually nervous and ridiculed, against the rest of them?\
\
	It never got that cold in Texas, so we relied on outside forces to tell us when Christmas was approaching.  Major signals included the decorations that began cropping up in neighbor\'92s lawns, the ads on television, the garland that seemed to sprout overnight from the door hinges of our classrooms.  Me and Erin had probably been dating for a couple of months by then.  It was a few days before Christmas break, and walking into science class, I saw Erin holding a plastic tube of M&Ms in the shape of a shepherd\'92s hook.  \
	\'93Nice!\'94 I said.  \'93Who gave you that?\'94  I tried to conceal my jealousy, which was quite bubbly.  Who was handing my girl candy-coated chocolate?\
	\'93My dad,\'94 she replied sheepishly.  She handed the candy to me, along with a small wrapping papered book, \ul Flight #116 Is Down\ulnone  by Caroline B. Cooney.\
	\'93Thanks,\'94 I replied, and that was it.  I had nothing to give her in return.  Only now, eleven years later, do I feel any sort of regret for leaving her empty handed that Christmas.\
	That\'92s one thing I\'92d probably change if I could go back.  I know it\'92s not exactly a unique sentiment, but the things I would want to change are small and specific.  Placing a box of candy into Erin\'92s hand wouldn\'92t have changed much, but it would make me feel better today.  \'93At least there was that,\'94 I could repeat to myself, rocking quietly on the patio of a nursing home when age has consumed me and there is nothing left to do but pay visit to the mistakes in my past.  No harm in it.  What I wouldn\'92t change were the big things.\
	For instance.  One day I was changing in the locker room after track practice.  On that day I looked at my low, corner locker in a completely new way - \
	\'93I can totally fit in there.\'94 I thought to myself.\
	I removed the rest of my things from inside it, and slid into the small, metal chainlink structure.  It was a tight fit to say the least.  I pulled my right foot up by my shoulder and, sliding my fingers through the holes on the chainlink door, pulled it shut with a satisfying 
\i chick!\
	
\i0 \'93Look guys!\'94  I hollered excitedly to my teammates.\
	I know.\
	Immediately a foot went up against the door.\
	\'93You look like one of those dead animals in a jar\'94 someone said, my face pressed painfully into the chainlink wall as I attempted to push the door open by force.  I was getting close.  I was nervous but laughing a little, and so were the guys, and in the back I could hear some of my more sympathetic teammates saying \'93Ok ok, let the poor kid out.\'94\
	But that\'92s when Eric came walking up to the front of the crowd.  He grabbed my padlock off the ground.  \
	\'93W-wait\'94 I stuttered but he laced the bar through the lock hole and snapped the thing shut.  Looking me square in the eye he gave the dial a big whirl, tugged on it to make sure it had taken.  \
	\'93Look!\'94 he grinned.  \'93You fit!\'94  he kicked the locker so hard that everyone backed away and started to filter out of the room.  No one even questioned him.  They all left, every single one of them, even the ones that had been nice to me, and then Eric left too.\
	The big concrete room was silent without a single reverberated echo.  It was Thursday.  My hands began to shake a little, fingers woven through the metal holes, as I thought about when the morning janitor would come in, if someone would pass through that night, or - \
	I heard voices!  Coming my way!  Ian and Sheldon rounded the hallway between the locker room and the bathroom and I caught a fleeting glimpse of them - shirts slung over their shoulders as they began to leave the school.  \
	\'93HEY!\'94 I yelled, though my voice was trying against my will to be small and embarrassed.\
	They turned and scanned the locker room at eye level, confused, so I yelled some more.\
	\'93Oh shit dude.\'94  Sheldon dropped down to where I sat, caged.  \'93What\'92s your combination?\'94\
	\'9336,\'94  I chocked out, \'9324 . . . 57.\'94  I swear to god, that\'92s the exact combination.  Some events brand themselves permanently into your mind, and this was one of them.  \
	\'93You are so lucky,\'94 Sheldon explained frantically, \'93Me and Ian were staying late to rub cold water on our nipples to make them hard for when we walked out 
\i or we never would have seen you.
\i0 \'94\
	I tumbled out of the locker onto the brushed concrete floor.  Uninjured, physically.  Not left to starve.  \
	And since that day, I have never once stepped into a locker.\
	Like I said about going back and changing things - some things are going to happen, at some point or another, regardless of what you do.  They are the lessons you cannot skip, only delay.  If not then, I would have eventually realized that my body was the perfect shape for squeezing into lockers.  I was skinny all through high school; if I would have pulled that shit then, the door would have locked automatically, and there\'92d have been no sympathetic teammates to rescue me.  This is why you do not question the big things, no matter how awful they are.\
	When I arrived home that night, I met Erin online.\
	\'93How was you day?\'94 she asked me.  \
	\'93Fine :)\'94 I replied.  Right then it was.  If you were to ask Erin you\'92d receive a completely different story of that year, one in which Eric\'92s shenanigans left my mind moments after they happened, that did not bother all that much to begin with.  I was not upset.  I was not bubbling inside with inarticulate frustration, building pressure like a two liter of mountain dew rattling around in the trunk of a Chevy Cavalier, turning and skidding around blind corners.  Slide-bam, sliiiide-bam.  Every hit compromised my grey wool interior.  \
	In the week before the spring dance I was walking with Erin after science class, where we would part ways and I would head on to gym.  I was turned back talking to her when Eric pulled a cannonball shove.  How this works is one person (the cannonball) is pushed, comically, by the other (the cannon) in a way that appears as though they are obliviously lost in their own horseplay.  But the intent is for the cannonball to ram themselves into an opposing party as hard as possible in a way that looks like an accident.  Eric collided into me at full force, smashing me into a wall.  My hip burnt with an indecipherable pain as it attempted to reconcile the metal handrail that had suddenly introduced itself to my side.  I fell to my knees as Eric yelled \'93Sorry!\'94 and scampered his way down the hall.\
	Erin knelt to see if I was ok.  I really was not.  My side hurt bad, there was that, but I was literally exploding inside, in tiny adrenal fireworks that battered my organs.\
	\'93I hate him soooo much,\'94 I attemted to explain.  Erin was trying to help me to my feet and I was trying to keep her from doing so.  And then I was crying.  I could feel it, that burning eruption that gives not alternative but complete, fully visible catharsis.\
	\'93Are you ok?\'94 Erin asked, the most sincere look of concern on her scared, unaware little face.  \'93Do you - do you need a nurse?\'94\
	I pushed away from her and ran haphazardly down the hall, away from the people that had begun to gather and stare.  \
	I stopped in a back hallway to sob behind a rolled up wrestling mat.  \
	His last named rhymed with sperm.  How had no one ever pointed that out?  Why couldn\'92t I think of that when he looked me in the eye and called me a faggot?  He was a fucking ginger for chrissake, why the fuck was I the one taking the beating?  I\'92ll tell you why.  It\'92s because he was stronger, in some indefinable way.  He was superlative.  \
	In seventh grade, you can still convince yourself of incredible futures.  You can convince yourself that if you just push back a little harder, the outside forces holding you down will admit defeat, and life will crack open the frothy cask of earthly spoils you so rightly deserve.  You really do deserve them, if you\'92ve been any kind of decent person.  I was not all that bad.  I could see a path for me that, however obscured, lead to a completely different place.  I had a girlfriend and a track sweatshirt.  I had a bruise the size of a plum on my hip bone but you couldn\'92t see it underneath said sweatshirt.  I could hide it and carry on.  \
	I didn\'92t even remove the sweater for the dance that friday, which was a bad choice, considering the oven our gym became when Deborah Cox\'92s slowjam hit \'93Nobody\'92s Supposed to be Here\'94 began to mute snare its way around the dance floor.  Erin was meeting me there.  I stood outside with Steven, bobbing my head anxiously to a silent rhythm in my mind.  \
	\'93Girlfriends.\'94 I said.  \'93We\'92re going to dance with our girlfriends.\'94\
	\'93Yes we are.\'94 Steven replied, completely cool, though I knew he felt the excitement just the same as me.  He always handled these situation so much better than me.\
	Inside we were able to find Anna and Erin, and we all walked together into the gym.  There we recklessly oscillated to Jennifer Lopez and Brittney Spears, the same repetitive loop of tiny hihats and digital bass thumps that matched the frequency in our tiny, underdeveloped brains.\
	I heard the first slow downbeat.  I didn\'92t have to wait at all.  I turned to Erin.  \
	\'93Would you like to dance?\'94 I asked in my most charming tone.  It was probably not all that charming.  \
	\'93S-sure\'94 she said, placing her arms on my shoulder.  I placed my hands lightly upon her hips.\
	She twitched a little bit, removed my hands from her waist, and placed them upon her shoulders.\
	I moved my hands back to her hips - Erin clearly did not know how we were to dance.\
	\'93N-no,\'94 she stuttered, \'93I don\'92t actually want to . . .\'94\
	\'93To what?\'94 I asked.  I was not gong to put my hands on her shoulders.  We looked like two zombies slowly trying to strangle each other.  People were starring.\
	\'93I know, but -\'94 she looked me right in the eyes.  \'93I don\'92t want to.\'94\
	\'93But 
\i that\'92s
\i0  how you 
\i dance.
\i0 \'94  I was not understanding her reasoning at all.  Our friends and teachers were all there, our enemies, the whole school.  We couldn\'92t dance like morons.\
	I placed my hands on her hips one more time.  Erin looked at me and began to sob.  Then she began to full on cry.  She hid her face in her hands and just stood there, did not walk to the bathroom, did not try to find Anna, she just stood there helpless and still, trying to hide behind her wet fingers.  To this day, that\'92s the only time I\'92ve ever caused a girl to cry right there in front of me.\
	So here\'92s the final thing, about the going back and changing things.  Making Erin cry was a big thing, an important thing, a thing that would have happened sometime if not then.  But it is impossible for me to say that I am glad that it happened, that I wouldn\'92t change it if I could go back.  Its vapor has hung on for years, imbuing into me a sort of trepidation and fear that still gets me ridiculed by my male cohorts.  To this day, the slightest hint of a \'91no\'92 stops me dead in my tracks - I feel that awkward humidity of the dance floor and see the tiny fragments of eye between her soft pink hands, and I stop.  This past friday night I brought home with me this beautiful drunken girl I had been chasing around for weeks, but when we got to my apartment we just sat on my couch and I read her this story.  I know, I know.  I was making us more alcoholic drinks when she found a rough draft of it on my coffee table, restlessly fidgeting through my things, her fear and uneasiness as clear as the heavily creased folds she was making into the first couple of pages.  I put our drinks back and brought out a couple of waters.  As I began to recite my seventh grade year out loud, I felt the tension she had possessed relax and I remembered the way Erin had sounded when I had called her the day after that dance, to tell her that she was off the hook, that she could take it easy now.  That was the first time I knew I was doing a right thing, and in it was the only lesson I can unearth from all of it.\
	\'93We\'92re just really young.\'94 Erin had told me.\
	I looked at the girl on the couch beside me.  We were not all that young, but the feelings remained the same.\
	\'93Yes,\'94 I agreed, \'93We\'92re just really young.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\
\
Chapter 5 - Princess Megan, Nicole, Amber Rose, Dannette (8th grade - 2000) / Katelyn (2010)
\b0 \
\
	Did you notice an aberration in that last story?  Because, all of a sudden I was talking about present-day me.  I know, kind of out of the blue, right?  I didn\'92t really prepare you and for that, reader, I apologize.  But I discovered, as these events unfolded, that it was a necessary deviation from the traditional format.  Without this story, this present day story, I wouldn\'92t have the ending to the 7th grade story, and many others it now seems.  It\'92s kind of confusing, so let me explain it to you this way:\
\
	There was a girl on my couch.  Not in the story, no; now, August of 2010.  It was very hot outside and it was friday, and her name is Katelyn.  She\'92s a sales girl in the office where I work - she is as tall as me and has dark, dark brown hair, a smirky smile and an often undetectable sense of sarcasm.  What had happened was that on this night my coworkers and I went out for drinks, and after a good many of them Katelyn and I had walked back to my apartment drunk and giggling.  However, when we got inside, the mood changed as Katelyn realized the position she was in.  She sat awkward, rigid on the couch - shields up, restless and preoccupied.  \
	I had retrieved a couple of beers from the kitchen, but when I saw her there, fidgeting nervously, I took them back to the kitchen.  I put on some old nicktoons as we sipped large tumblers of water, trying to keep the liquid steady in our clumsy, childish hands.  \
	At the time, the seventh grade story wasn\'92t finished.  A draft of it sat on my coffee table, scribbled over and over in blue pen where I was going back and forth on a few issues within it.  \
	\'93Is this what Tyler\'92s been talking about?\'94 she asked, rumpling the first couple of pages.  \'93The ones you\'92ve been reading to him and Kristal?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s it,\'94 I admitted hesitantly.\
	She nudged her eyebrows at me, motioning suggestively with the stack of papers in her hand.\
	\'93You want to hear it?\'94\
	She nodded, and I was perhaps to drunk to see this as anything but a chance to show off.  Aspiring writers should know that, despite the raw sexual draw poets seem to exhibit in cinema, reading a girl something you\'92ve written is unlikely to impress them - especially when that particular piece of writing involves you picking your nose and being shoved into lockers.  \
	\'93Oh my god.\'94  \
	I had gotten to the part where Erin began to cry, and had stopped.\
	\'93Wow.  This really happened.\'94\
	\'93It did.\'94\
	\'93Huh.\'94\
	\'93You\'92re tellin\'92 me.  I was there.\'94\
	\'93Ok, go on.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s it.\'94  I held up the last page, saturated with blue ink.  \'93That\'92s all I got so far.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s a bad ending.\'94\
	\'93Well, I\'92m not planning on it being a great ending,\'94 I said, \'93But I can\'92t finish it.  Not until I realize why I wouldn\'92t go back and change it.\'94\
	\'93Why you wouldn\'92t change what?\'94\
	\'93Making Erin cry.\'94 I explained.  \'93I made this really big deal about not changing the big things.  I really do believe that.  But I can\'92t convince myself that making Erin cry did me any good.  I don\'92t think I got a lesson out of it, I think that all I did was hurt someone.\'94\
	That\'92s when it clicked.  Katelyn was curled into my arm now, the pressure of what could have happened gone.  I could have pushed it, but I didn\'92t - I remembered Erin, and now instead of awkwardly gyrating in my bed or, more likely, offending her into leaving, we were talking.  The story hit some intimate target somewhere inside her and out poured a couple of her stories, shockingly similar to mine, in a sort of masochist honesty, a call and response.  \
	The talking turned to kissing.  I\'92d be lying if I said that\'92s not exactly how I had wanted things to go.  I just wanted it to be on her terms.  That\'92s the smokey vapor of Erin right there, reminding me to be a gentleman.  \
	As much as is feasibly possible, that is.  We were drunk twenty somethings, after all.  We moved into the bedroom and continued the cathartic play of our brash, earnest mouths.  This is when she stopped me.  \
	\'93Nicholas.\'94 she said, pulling her head away from mine.\
	\'93Kate-o-lyn.\'94\
	She sighed and rotated to her back.  I knew what she was about to say.\
	\'93You are . . . \'94\
	\'93Such a nice guy.\'94 \
	\'93Yes.  However, comma,\'94\
	\'93You really value our friendship and don\'92t want to ruin it.\'94\
	\'93Have you gotten this talk before?\'94\
	I laughed.  \'93You need to hear some more stories.\'94\
	\'93Ok well, tell me another one.\'94  She rested her head on my shoulder, laid her arm across my chest.  \
	\'93Ok,\'94 I said, pulling her soft shoulder in.  \'93When I was in first grade, I met Heather.  She was the first girl I ever remember getting gooey feelings about, those damn gooey feelings that would be the bane of my existence for the rest of my life.\'94\
	Katelyn began to snore in my ear.  I laughed softly to myself, and then fell asleep as well.\
	\
	When the sun came up my head hurt significantly.  Katelyn appeared to be drifting in and out of sleep, face down a foot or two away from me.  In the night we had become untangled and now laid separately in the bed like siblings.  I laid there for a while, considering putting my arm around her while she fought the sunlight pouring in from the open window, but ultimately decided against it.  \
	Katelyn pandiculated and opened her eyes, giving up the invisible battle for unconsciousness.  She looked over to me.\
	\'93Good morning.\'94 I said.\
	\'93Good mooooooornighn.\'94  she yawned.  We laughed like two actors that had forgotten their lines.  Katelyn rolled in the sheets, attempting to make peace with the daylight.\
	\'93Is this an air mattress?\'94\
	\'93What?\'94\
	\'93I feel like . . . I fell like I\'92m foating.\'94\
	\'93
\i What?
\i0 \'94  Katelyn was hungover and half delusional with sleep deprivation.  She groped for her purse with one eye open, digging out a stick of Head-On.  If you\'92re unaware, this is a form of headache relief that is basically a giant glue stick that you rub on your head.  I had seen the late night commercials but had never known anyone to actually 
\i use
\i0  it - why you would prefer to rub chemicals directly onto your forehead instead of just taking an ibuprofen is beyond me.\
	Katelyn twisted the base of the container desperately, futilely - the stick had been spent, and like a kid halfway through the most important craft project of their lives she held on to the false glimmer of hope that she would be able salvage a sufficient amount.\
	\'93Do you have a Q-tip?\'94\
	Katelyn sat on the edge of my bed, digging out the base of her Head-On, smearing tiny fragments of it onto her forehead.\
	\'93I have Advil.\'94\
	\'93Not interested.\'94 She had successfully created a slick of mint-smelling substance across her forehead.  \'93Mmmm that\'92s 
\i so good
\i0  . . .\'94 \
\
	There\'92s a coffee shop three blocks from my apartment, so I threw on a pair of red athletic shorts and laced my shoes up.  I felt like shit.  I was hungover and profoundly sexually frustrated; I had given myself the \'91just friends\'92 talk for chrissake.  The last thing I wanted to see was another human being, but I decided I could stand it as long as said human beings were handing me coffee.  \
	I got about a block from my door when a random guy on the sidewalk stopped me.  \
	\'93High Five!\'94 he insisted, holding his open palm towards me.\
	I squinted to see the guy\'92s face, and confirmed that I had no idea who he was.  I reluctantly complied and continued on my way, but I got not half a block further when a group of three older women began to cheer at me.  \
	\'93Yeahhhh!!!\'94 they hollered.  They wanted a high five as well.  \
	I ran my palm across those of the older women, becoming angry at the un-perceivable nature of these sudden accolades.  What did these people find so celebratory about my condition?  I could only conclude that I lived in the most sarcastic neighborhood ever, full of people who derived pleasure from handing out high fives to the dork that couldn\'92t seal the deal with the drunk girl.\
	When I got another block, I saw a table full of bottled water and balloons - a banner above the street indicated that I had unwittingly been following the race path for an AIDS walk.  I looked down and realized that I was wearing red shorts and a red t-shirt.  Volunteers a few yards ahead clapped and waved a bottle of water at me.  Even I had to laugh then.  Sometimes its easy to forget that you\'92re on the bottom tier of righteous suffering.\
	Returning to my apartment I found Katelyn sitting on my couch, messing with her phone.  I set the coffee down along with a couple of breakfast sandwiches.  \'93You like your coffee black, right?\'94\
	\'93Like I like my men.\'94 She replied.  \'93Strong, black, and hot.\'94\
	\'93Yep, that\'92s what we\'92ve got.\'94 I said.  \'93Except I\'92m pretty sure your cup\'92s gay.\'94\
	Ah, she has a great laugh.  Subtle and poignant, like she doesn\'92t want you to know that she thought what you just said was funny.\
	We finished the food and the coffee and I walked her to her car, which was several blocks away.  Her Cavalier was wedged into the side of a busy one-way like a crooked tooth.  \
	\'93You know how to get back to your place alright?\'94 I asked her.\
	\'93Definitely.\'94 she answered.  I posed myself to prepare for some sort of hug, kiss, whatever, I wasn\'92t picky.  But none came.  She climbed into the car, and turned the key.\
	The car made a repetitive clicking sound.  She tried again, to the same result.  Katelyn got out of the car and stood beside it for a second, arms crossed, her brow furrowed.\
	We walked back to my apartment.  \
	\'93I will Google it first.\'94 I grabbed a notecard from my desk drawer.  She sat on a piano bench in my office, tapping on the keys of an old electric keyboard.\
	\'93You play?\'94 she asked.\
	\'93A little.\'94\
	Not really.  I could when I was younger, but these days I did little more than pick at individual notes while listening to songs I liked.  \
	\'93Ok, positive end on the dead battery to positive end on the good battery.\'94 I recited out loud.\
	Katelyn began playing The First Noel, one plinky note at a time.  \
	\'93Nice.\'94 I said, giving a golf clap so as not to interrupt.  \'93I don\'92t think I\'92ve heard that song since I was in church.\'94\
	\'93Yeah?  When was that?\'94\
	\'93A few years at least.\'94\
	\'93Are you not religious?\'94\
	\'93Naw, I\'92m not big on religion.\'94\
	\'93Interesting.\'94\
	\'93I suppose.  Ok, positive to bad, positive to good, negative to good, negative to shiny piece of metal.  Remove in reverse order.  We got this.  We can totally do this.\'94\
	We returned to Katelyn\'92s Cavalier in my car, which I parked precariously in the middle of the busy street.  There was really no other option, still I felt like I owed an individual apology to each angry motorist that scowled at me as they passed by.\
	\'93Ok hold these,\'94 I said, handing two ends of the jumper cables to Katelyn.  \'93Don\'92t let them touch.\'94\
	\'93Really?  Why?\'94\
	\'93They could spark.  Or electrocute me.\'94\
	\'93Oh god,\'94 she said, stiffening up a little, \'93Is this dangerous?\'94\
	\'93Well, sorta.  I mean, we\'92re transferring enough electricity to start a car.\'94\
	She was kind of freaking out now.  She held the clamps by the tips of each finer, away from her face, as if they might start showering her with sparks at any moment.  \
	After some overly cautious clamping Katelyn tried the key again and the car chocked desperately back into motion.  Quickly we returned to our vehicles and began to slowly race through the congested downtown streets to the nearest auto shop.  We were about halfway there when I saw Katelyn pull over to the side of the road.  This time, it was stopped for good.  Something deep inside that Cavalier had died.\
	We sat down on a stoop at the corner where her car had stopped, which happened to be Colfax and Downing, which happened to be a not-overly-friendly neighborhood.  All around us loud angry homeless people wandered, yelling at invisible obstacles and enemies in their path.  On the corner sat a laundromat and perhaps the sketchiest Papa John\'92s Pizza I\'92ve ever seen.  It was a still Saturday morning, probably 95 degrees, and we were going nowhere. \
	Katelyn began to dig through her purse for her insurance card.\
	\'93Here,\'94 she said, handing me a clementine.  \
	\'93You\'92re trusting me with the rations?\'94\
	\'93Sass is only going to get you fewer slices.\'94\
	\'93Alright, no need to panic.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s just the battery right?  That\'92s what you think?\'94\
	I really had no clue.  \'93I think?\'94\
	\'93I am so sorry for dragging you into this.\'94 She took things out of her purse one at a time, setting them on the sidewalk in front of us like a tiny yard sale.\
	\'93I don\'92t know, this is kind of fun.\'94\
	Katelyn glared at me.\
	\'93No, I\'92m just saying, we were kind of drunk last night.  Now we can talk sober.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, about that - I don\'92t usually do that either.\'94\
	\'93Do what?  The, get-drunk-and-stay-the-night thing?\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t.\'94  She was laughing, but I could tell she legitimately felt bad about it.\
	\'93I thought it was fun.\'94\
	\'93Of course you did, you\'92re an atheist.\'94\
	\'93Whoa.\'94 I said.  \'93Whoa.\'94  I absolutely hate that.  \'93When did I 
\i ever
\i0  say I was an atheist?\'94\
	\'93Like half an hour ago.  You said you weren\'92t religious.\'94\
	\'93And that makes me an atheist.\'94\
	Katelyn had pinched a nerve and she could tell.  Her expression softened.  \'93So what are you then?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m agnostic.\'94\
	\'93Ok, and what does that mean?\'94\
	\'93It means I don\'92t know.  There could be a god.  Probably, in my opinion.  But I don\'92t 
\i claim
\i0  to know for sure either way, and I don\'92t think that other people should have to 
\i believe
\i0  what I do, just because its what I believe.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 she said.  \'93So you think getting drunk, sleeping with random people, that\'92s ok?\'94\
	\'93One,\'94 I said, \'93You\'92re not random.  Two, no.  But we\'92re all human.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, no one\'92s perfect, I believe that.  But I think you should at least 
\i try
\i0  to not do things like that.\'94\
	\'93Eh.\'94 I said.  She did not find this charming or badass.  \'93Ok, sure, to some extent.  But I\'92m not trying to be perfect.  I don\'92t like it when people try to be perfect.  I don\'92t trust someone without a vice.\'94\
	\'93. . . Interesting.\'94\
	\'93I suppose.\'94\
	Katelyn at last retrieved a card from the floor of her purse and dialed the large red number printed on it.  From the stoop I could hear her chat with what sounded like a very unhelpful insurance agent, and then an equally unhelpful tow truck driver.\
	She rejoined me on the stairs.  \
	\'93They\'92re sending a tow truck.  And, comma, I described the sound to the tow truck driver, and 
\i he 
\i0 thinks it sounds like the alternator.  Which, he says, costs about five times as much.\'94\
	\'93Ouch.\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  So, that guy\'92ll be here sometime in the next four hours.\'94\
	\'93Four 
\i hours
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93Yep.\'94  Katelyn looked around nervously, and pulled a pack of cigarettes from her purse.\
	I smiled so big that she began to laugh while trying to light it.\
	\'93
\i What
\i0  the fuck is 
\i that
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t you judge me Nick Anderson.\'94\
	\'93Nope, no, furthest thing from it.\'94 I told her.  \'93You just gave me a reason to trust you.\'94\
\
	Me and Katelyn got a pizza.  We sat on the stoop eating it out of the box like two homeless people, un-showered, covered in battery grease on top of yesterday\'92s clothes.  \
	\'93So after Erin.\'94 Katelyn dabbed a piece of crust into some garlic sauce.  \
	\'93What, you want to hear another one?  Aren\'92t you sober now?\'94\
	\'93We\'92ve got what, three and half hours?\'94\
	\'93True, true.  I haven\'92t written those ones yet though.\'94\
	\'93That a problem?\'94\
	\'93I guess not.\'94  I admitted, attempting to leverage a long greasy slice into my mouth.  \'93To be honest, I\'92m not even sure if I\'92m going to include 8th grade.  There\'92s just a few minor girls.\'94\
	\'93No true love that year?\'94\
	\'93No, I moved.\'94 A pepperoni dropped off the pizza and landed on my jeans.  \'93I moved that year.  From Texas to Colorado.\'94\
	At the time my dad had been looking for a new job, and he had jumped at the first opportunity to move back to Colorado, where he had lived out his twenties.  \
	\'93We\'92ll going skiing all winter!  You kids will finally get to see 
\i snow
\i0 !\'94\
	I\'92ll admit, the snow part sounded kind of exciting.  The closest we\'92d come to this in Texas was the time temperatures had erratically dropped below freezing, covering the roads in a thin layer of frost.  \'91DO NOT LEAVE YOUR HOMES EXCEPT IN EMERGENCY SITUATIONS\'92
\b  
\b0 read the news ticker on every channel, as my sister and I enjoyed a three day vacation from school.\
	My last day in Texas I made the rounds and said goodbye to everyone that mattered to me.  It was a small but important lot - Steven, Anna, Erin, Joey, a few others.  At one point I was walking down the large cafeteria hall, the one where I had been pushed by Eric.  In the middle of it some dance club was practicing.  Megan, a different Megan than the one I had dated for three days, saw me coming and yelped excitedly.  She had been in a few classes with me, and was currently dressed like a fairy princess for some reason.\
	\'93NIIIIICKKK!!\'94 she yelled as she threw her arms around me.  \'93This isn\'92t your last day, is it?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I\'92m leaving right now.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 she sighed, a sudden saddened glow in her eyes.  Her friends in the dance troupe had grouped together, whispering and giggling.  \'93Well, you should - stay in touch with me.\'94\
	I nodded.  \'93Ok, bye.\'94\
	\
	\'93Did you?\'94 Katelyn asked.  \
	\'93Of course not.  I didn\'92t believe she meant it.\'94\
	\'93What?  Why would you not believe she 
\i meant
\i0  it?\'94 Katelyn asked.  \
	\'93Because girls are mean and generally did not like me.  It was instinctual for me to believe it was either dishonest or obligatory.  I was leaving, of course she was going to say she would miss me.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s not the way you described it though.\'94  \
	\'93Oh, I realize it now.  At the time though - different story.  I have an even better one that that.  At end of seventh grade, after Erin, this girl Nicole asked me out.  I thought she was super pretty, but I said no.\'94\
	\'93
\i Why?
\i0 \'94\
	\'93I thought she was just messing with me!  As in, I would say yes, and then she\'92d be like, \'91Just kidding!  I can\'92t believe you thought I was serious!\'94\
	Katelyn squinted at me as if my thoughts were so illegible she needed extreme concentration to even think them.\
	\'93Girls did mean things like that.\'94\
	\'93To you?\'94\
	\'93No.  Because I was smart enough to avoid the traps.\'94\
	\'93But what if Nicole wasn\'92t trying to trap you?\'94\
	\'93I know.\'94 I admitted.  \'93I\'92ve thought about that.\'94\
	\'93So, that\'92s two girls, that actually liked you, that you turned down.\'94\
	\'93You make it sound so simple.\'94\
	\'93It is really simple.\'94\
	\'93Regardless, I was moving.  And besides, I met a girl I really liked as soon as I got to Colorado.\'94\
	\'93
\i Really.
\i0   Tell me about 
\i this 
\i0 girl.\'94\
	\
	Well 
\i this
\i0  girl\'92s name was Amber Rose.  Worst name ever, am I right?  She lived at the apartment complex where we stayed while my mom and dad looked for a house.  From my window on the second floor I could see her jog by on occasion, in these tiny pink athletic shorts and a tight running top.  Dear god.  She was slender but still slightly shapely, and was nothing less than a continual ray of sunshine.  She had long brown hair and a small snub nose - her eyes were wide and bright and shone like two clear plastic shakers of glitter.\
	\'93Howdy!\'94 she hollered at me the first time we met.  We went to the same middle school as well, and she found it fascinating that I was from Texas.\
	\'93Hey.\'94\
	\'93Ahahaha your accent is so funny!\'94\
	Everyone thought so.  In fact, that\'92s primarily the reason I don\'92t have an accent anymore.  I saw this new state, this new school, as the fresh chance to integrate myself and shed whatever image I had had in Texas.  I pulled this off rather well.  I don\'92t know how, but I had sat next to the right person at the right time and had been pacifistically absorbed into a very large social group, one that saw eachother outside of school.  Our posse boasted both boys and girls, dramatically increasing the draw and intrigue of the social events they held.  In Texas I had had female friends, but it was mainly the guys that hung out outside of school - the proverbial sausagefest, if you will.  Did I miss playing Ocarina of Time in my underwear with a bunch of other dudes?  Of course.  But nervously watching movies boy girl boy girl seemed an adequate tradeoff.  \
	Now, don\'92t go thinking we were any kind of mature.  We were still very young and very nervous about trying to date one another.  To compensate for this, we did what I\'92m hoping alot of 8th graders did, which was make up games under falsely innocent pretenses in order to create date-like situations.  Our most popular one was pretend-asking girls to marry us.  \'91This is all a joke!\'92 our beaming faces would say, as we offered a girl a plastic ring from a grocery store quarter machine.  Said girl would either accept or turn us down, although that was usually just as good, since it drew the sympathy of all the other girls.  Either way, you were hugging somebody.  And if you were lucky, you\'92d land yourself a wife, and you\'92d be standing at the lockers alone on breaks, maybe sharing a Dr. Pepper after class.\
	\'93Honey, you\'92ve been spending 
\i far
\i0  too much time in school.  We simply 
\i must
\i0  find time for 
\i us.
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Oh 
\i dahhrling, 
\i0 if 
\i only
\i0  there was not this 
\i horrible
\i0  algebra class.\'94\
	Non-stop drama.  Apparently our idea of marriage was forged from soap operas, I guess British ones too, or maybe that\'92s just the degree of separation we needed to convince us that we were just joking, not dating.  \
	Anyway, more that anyone I wanted to play this game with Amber Rose.  But Amber was 
\i just
\i0  mature enough that she found our antics uninteresting at best.  Though her exterior boasted unbridled naivety, her core was one of reserved, peaceful solitude.  Its hard for me to imagine that she\'92d managed to be let down my gender by that age, but she had all the makings of the once bitten twice shy.  It wasn\'92t that she looked down on us or scorned the fun we were having - she hung out with us, watched movies boy girl boy girl.  But at the end of the day she knew she was better than a plastic ring.  I respect that.  \
	Still, her unwillingness to adhere to the bizarre social norms we had created made it difficult for me to woo her.  She was chatty as hell, very easy to talk to - so much so that I couldn\'92t get past her bubbly-ness to any sort of real talk.  I could tell when I was beginning to encroach upon her comfort zone - she would start singing, and simply walk away.\
	Example conversation:\
	\'93Hey Amber Rose, you weren\'92t at Tom\'92s party!\'94\
	\'93I 
\i KNOW
\i0  I really wanted to go but my dad was in town so I had to skip it.  I
\i  BET IT WAS SO MUCH FUN!
\i0 \'94\
	\'93It was.  We danced, and Tom\'92s brother DJ\'92d.\'94\
	\'93FANTASTIC!  I 
\i love Jeremy!
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Yeah, you know, I was kind of hoping to dance with you.\'94\
	\'93
\i SOOOOOMEEEEWWHHEEEERRREEEEE, OVER THE RAIIIINBOOOOW
\i0  . . .\'94\
	No joke, exact transition right there.  I would probably be more upset if she wasn\'92t such a terrific singer.  Really, she could totally belt it out - you almost just stopped talking out of respect.  Still, how do you propose to a girl that won\'92t stop singing show tunes?  You can\'92t, you just can\'92t.  So I did the next logical thing, and proposed to the second most attractive girl I could find.\
	
\i This
\i0  girl was Danette.  She was also friendly, bubbly, good natured - and her breasts were gigantic.  I feel a little bad writing that but it was without a doubt a huge contributing factor to my proposal to her.  They were gynormous.  At least the size of my head.  They bounced around merrily as Danette perused to the world like the sole resident of some brightly colored children\'92s cartoon.  Her
\i  
\i0 optimism made Amber Rose look like a rumpled old cynic.  Now this was aided, as all happiness is, by a fair dose of ignorance and stupidity - but those breasts, man.  I can\'92t speak highly enough about them.\
	Sorry.  You have to remember that I am thirteen in this story.  I 
\i liked
\i0  Amber Rose - not just the way she looked but also the way she was, the strange condition she was in.  She had footnotes and subchapters, picking her mind was like scooping at goldfish with a paper net.  She interested me, held my attention.  But Amber Rose made herself unattainable, and I was too stupid to try and fight it.\
	So I started dating Danette.  Sure, it started with a simple marriage, but not long into it I popped the big question.\
	\'93So, do you want to date for real?\'94\
	It was a big step for me.  I was caught up in my entourage, amazingly confident in the collective friendship-womb of my friends.  It seemed like a natural progression, and she posed no real threat to my happiness or emotional security.  I suppose this is because I didn\'92t really like her.  She was nice and all, but there was no connection, no orchestra.  Just two kids that wanted to touch each other.  \
	\
	Katelyn laughed, swigging the bottom of a water bottle of Emergen-C.  That stuff can really help hangovers, if you weren\'92t aware.  \'93Maybe I don\'92t need to hear this story.\'94\
	\'93No, we didn\'92t touch each other much.\'94\
	\
	We really didn\'92t.  Ghost of Erin, remember.  At the time it had me completely convinced that even looking at a girl wrong might cause her to burst into tears.  Did girls not like to be touched?  Was Megan the fluke, or Erin?  Would touching Danette have the same effect?  I never really figured that one out, as we only dated for about three days.  My only real opportunity arrived in the form of a movie date, at Danette\'92s house.\
	When I arrived at Danette\'92s house, her mom let me in and lead me up to Danette\'92s room.  That woman loved me.  She was a staple at our social events as Danette threw a good amount of parties, and a mild mom presence was still common in those days.  I don\'92t know what I do right but moms have always liked me.  Perhaps its the southern manners, the eye contact, or the firm handshake - either way, Mrs. Conner was giddy as she lead me up the stairs.  \
	\'93You guys have fun!\'94  she said as she pulled the bedroom door shut.  Guys, if I can give you one piece of advice, impress those moms.  Their trust will have a bigger effect on your relationship than you think, at any age.  However, I never took advantage of that epic mom-approval with Danette.  That night was a deal breaker.\
	See, every girl has a movie that they think is absolutely hilarious - one that they can quote verbatim because it played on infinite loop through their slumber parties, because they watched it with their best friend every week for several years.  When girls bond over a VHS it becomes more than a movie - it gets embedded in their brain so deep that ten, twenty years later, they will sit down to watch it still convinced that it is the greatest movie ever made.\
	The movie is always terrible.  Almost without exception.  For a movie to be life-altering to a thirteen year old girl it is almost an imperative for it to be awful.  However, perhaps one of the most favor-winning, brownie-point-banking things you can do for a girl is watch this movie with her, and pretend that you too find it to be inarguably brilliant.  \
	I could not do this with Danette.  I tried - I sat there that night, lightly cupping her hand on the carpet as we watched 
\i The Pest
\i0 .  If you haven\'92t seen it, it is basically a cinematic representation of comedy being strapped to a dentist chair and slowly tortured by John Leguizamo for an hour and a half.  I watched it half-gaping, dumfounded by the sheer stupidity of the events being acted out and recorded.  People had written the script, the actors had read it, yet somehow they had all then agreed that themselves, a director, and a hundred or so other movie-making staffers should get together and act the whole thing out, commit it to film for others to watch, put it in stores.  People had then bought it, so that they could watch it more than once.  One of these people was Danette.  I will never forgive her for that.\
	Mrs. Conner came up to offer us snacks, while the protagonist and costar proceeded to vomit off the back of a boat for an extended period of time.\
	\'93I guess I don\'92t understand humor these days.\'94 she said to herself.  \
	\'93MOM!\'94 Danette laughed, \'93You are 
\i so 
\i0 not from this generation.\'94\
	\'91I have to get out of here\'92	I thought quietly to myself.  A huge mistake had been made.  I was dating an idiot.  \
\
	\'93How did the date go?\'94 Tom asked me the next day.  I couldn\'92t lie to the guy, we told each other everything about girls.\
	\'93You think she might be retarded?  Really?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know, maybe just, lower percentile IQ or something.  Really, you\'92d have to see the movie to understand.\'94\
	\'93So do you still want to go out with her?\'94\
	I stared off into space, comtemplating these new feelings. \'93I would really rather date Amber.\'94\
	\'93You gonna break up with Danette then?\'94\
	\'93. . . No.\'94 I concluded.\
	Breasts, man.  They do the stupidest things to our heads.  Luckily, in addition to being constantly impeded by my hormones, I was a completely inefficient boyfriend.  To say I had no clue what I was doing, relationship-wise, was a vast understatement.  I had no improv ability.  Once I made it to the boyfriend phase I froze like I had forgotten my lines in a school play.\
\
	\'93Seinfeld has this bit about trying to be friends after a relationships - he says its like two magicians trying to do tricks for eachother.  You just can\'92t fool them anymore,\'94 I explained to Katelyn.  \'93This is actually a really good metaphor.  Relationships, at least in the beginning, are alot like magic shows.  Everybody\'92s got their act - from little card tricks, to pulling rabbits out of their hat.  Sometimes you save the best tricks for last, sometimes you\'92re eager to impress, so start by sawing people in half.  But eventually, you run out of illusions - and then all you can do is jazz hands and hope they clap.\'94\
	\'93Jazz hands?\'94\
	I gave her the jazz hands.\
	\'93So, what\'92s your strategy?  All up front, or do you draw it out?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t have any tricks.\'94 I told her, re-emphasizing the jazz hands.\
	\'93I thought everyone had tricks.\'94\
	\'93I have one.\'94 I told her.  \'93Brutal honesty.  Sort of a show stopper.\'94\
	\'93In a good way, or a bad way?\'94\
	\'93Depends.\'94\
	\'93Ok so, where does the \'91luckily\'92 come in?  Why are you lucky that you\'92re an inefficient boyfriend?\'94\
	\'93Because then Danette broke up with me.  And if that wouldn\'92t have happened, I honestly would have dated her forever.\'94\
	\
	The next day in school, I was sitting on the steps of the auditorium theater when Danette and her friend approached me.  It was a quick, painless procedure, but I drew it out for maximum sympathy, as always.  I probably got twelve hugs that day.\
	\
	\'93And that\'92s the point?\'94  Katelyn asked.  \'93At the end of the day, its about the hugs?  Boobs and hugs?\'94\
	\'93When you\'92re thirteen, yes.  Sorry.\'94\
	That was probably an inappropriate story to tell a hungover girl that had almost slept with me.  That\'92s the move though.  Brutal honesty.  Some people appreciate it.  \
	\'93There\'92s a part after it though.\'94 I added.  A few days later I was sitting in a classroom on break.  Amber Rose came up and kneeled at the end of my desk, her arms and her head up at the top of my math book.  She looked, for the first time, quite serious.\
	\'93I know who you really like.\'94 she told me.  She sat there, her eyes unflinching, waiting for me to say something.  But I didn\'92t.\
	\'93Number three.\'94 Katelyn counted.\
	It was mid-afternoon by the time the tow truck driver showed up.  The greasy operator stepped out of the truck with his clipboard and it was back to business.  Me and Katelyn followed him in my car to Big O Tires, where were at last permitted to sit on actual furniture.\
\
	Now, I\'92ve never known when to leave.  It sounds silly but I didn\'92t want this day to end, this moment of forced communion between us.  I sat beside her in the uncomfortable arm chairs in the waiting room, picking up the occasional National Geographic, watching the soundless television, stealing the occasional glance at Katelyn, who eyed a People magazine with the same pensive glare she gave anything that needed any sort of interpretation.  \
	\'93What?\'94\
	\'93Nothing.\'94\
	A mechanic pulled Katelyn aside to work out some details while I stared out the window at Colfax, an extremely familiar street to me, thinking about what I was going to do with the rest of my day.\
	\'93So it 
\i is
\i0  the alternator.\'94 Katelyn informed me, releasing a sigh of defeat as she sunk back into the stiff leather chair. \'93They said it\'92ll be done in a couple of hours though.\'94\
	\'93Nice.  Also, that sucks.\'94 \
	\'93Yep.  I really don\'92t want to be here for another two hours.\'94\
	\'93You want to get out of here?\'94\
	\'93 . . . And go where?\'94\
	I don\'92t know.  I was out of ideas.\
	\'93You don\'92t have to wait,\'94 she told me,  \'93You should go.\'94\
	\'93Alright, I will do that.\'94 I said, standing, though really I wanted to stay.  There was no chance of a hug.  We were two strangers in a waiting room now.  Katelyn waved.\
	\'93Hang onto the clementine.\'94 she insisted, \'93In case there\'92s another emergency.\'94\
	\'93Definitely,\'94 I smiled, finding it in my pocket again.  I had forgotten about it.\
	\
	I was in my car when I got a text from Jeff.\
	
\i \'93Grab a beer at Park Tav?\'94\
	\'93At 3:30?\'94\
	\'93?\'94\
	\'93Ok I\'92m on my way\'94
\i0 \
\
	Tyler, Jeff, and Adam sat outside on the patio, already quite buzzed.  My grin said I had a story, and they wanted it immediately.\
	\'93Nice work last night, Anderson.\'94  Tyler gave me a big wink, attempted to cheers the glass of beer I had not ordered yet. \'93Adam, does my friend Nick here reek of sin?\'94 \
	\'93No, I don\'92t.\'94 I informed him.  \
	\'93You took Katelyn home, right?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, but we didn\'92t . . .\'94\
	\'93
\i Really.
\i0 \'94\
	\'93But I 
\i do
\i0  have a great story, regarding this clementine.\'94\
	\'93If it doesn\'92t involve you having sex, I don\'92t think it will be 
\i that 
\i0 great.\'94 Adam said.\
	\'93What did you guys do then?\'94 Tyler asked.\
	\'93We stayed up late talking.  I really got to know her.\'94\
	If you hadn\'92t already surmised, my stories are not the best bar talk.  \
	\'93Did you guys get BFF necklaces to commemorate the night?\'94 Jeff asked.  \'93Or are you going to wait until your menstrual cycles sync?\'94\
	Adam put a hand on my shoulder.  \'93Listen Nick, I don\'92t know you.\'94  It\'92s true, this was the first time I\'92d met him.  \'93But do you want to fuck this girl?  If you want to fuck her, then fuck her.  Don\'92t sit around braiding each other\'92s hair.  Here - its Saturday.  Let\'92s go out tonight, meet some girls.\'94\
	\'93I can\'92t, I need to write.  I finally got an ending for this particular story.\'94	\'93So how long is that going to take you?\'94\
	\'93Probably \'91til like midnight.  All night.\'94\
	\'93There\'92s still time after that!  They\'92re girls, not gremlins.  You can feed them after midnight.\'94  Adam paused, swirling the remaining beer in his glass.  \'93Hell, you can get \'91em wet after midnight.\'94\
	Jeff laughed so hard he spit out his beer against the brick wall.  \
	\'93Don\'92t take advice from us.\'94 he said.\
	\'93Oh, I don\'92t.\'94 I said, standing to leave.\
	\'93Wait, Nick, sorry.\'94  Tyler said.  \'93Tell us the story about the tangerine.\'94	\'93Nope,\'94 I replied, \'93I don\'92t think you guys deserve it.\'94\
	That\'92s not true.  They\'92re good guys, you\'92ll have to trust me, you\'92re just meeting them in the completely wrong order.  I would have told them more if I wasn\'92t already beginning to feel the sting of how lame the story actually was.  It was not a tale of conquest, like they had thought, like I had wanted - it was a thin, flimsy hope tied to a piece of fruit that would go bad in few days.  On the way home I threw the clementine into a bush.  	\
\
	\
\
\
\
\
\

\b Chapter 6 - Good Sarah (9th grade - 2001)  / Katelyn (2010)\
\
	
\b0 Me and Katelyn sat across from each other at a big wooden table, tiny fragments of tiles smashed into the surface in bright, colorful patterns.  It was a cool night for August, but rather than being seated outside with the rest of the patrons, I had chosen to sit inside, in the empty dining room - it had been a split second decision, a 50/50 shot, and I had chosen incorrectly.  Honestly, it was just us and the waiters.  Outside I could hear the chatter and clink of young couples enjoying their meal.\
	This is very typical - I\'92ve always had terrible luck with the dates I\'92ve planned, particularly first dates.  You haven\'92t heard a good Nick date story - its funny you\'92re getting this one first, but that\'92s the way things are going, apparently.  Katelyn was smirking coyly at the empty lines of chairs and tables.\
	\'93I guess we should have sat outside.\'94  I nervously unrolled my napkin of utensils.  \'93Hmm.\'94\
	I try so hard to set up perfect dates.  Probably too hard.  All I want is a good foundation for what I am most likely about to screw up.  It\'92s like the game Mousetrap - all you can do is set it up best you can keep your fingers crossed that cage doesn\'92t get stuck halfway down the pole.   \
	If only there were people sitting in this room with us, if only the music was a bit louder.  The silence was just too much.  I felt like we were eating on a stage.  Katelyn pulled the menu up in front of her face, almost hiding behind it.  She let her eyes peak over the top, but hidden below the dessert menu I knew was a smile I was slowly becoming familiar with - sweetly mocking, critic of everything.  	\
	It had taken some convincing.  I had feared Monday morning and the confrontation it would bring, the inevitable meeting at the coffee pot or in the hallway.  But despite our questionable goodbye she was happy to see me the again and chatted merrily with me as though nothing had happened - we were adults after all, I guess I wasn\'92t expecting one of my coworkers to pass me a note concerning the issue.  So I went for it.  I knew her feelings on the subject, the general subject of me in terms of compatibility and so on.  But alot of times its easy to take someone at face value, to dismiss them on shallow premises before they\'92ve really had the chance to show themselves in three dimensions.  I explained this to her.  She laughed at me.  So the deal was this - separate cars, just hanging out.  She was here, 
\i we
\i0  were here - I had succeeded in that much.  Still, I felt alone at my end of the table.\
	\
	It was not unlike the day I registered for 9th grade - standing alone in a soccer field of freshmen in front of my new high school wearing a Charlie Brown t-shirt.  I stood silently on the goal line like an un-pollinated flower.  \
	See, when I first moved to Colorado, we lived in an apartment, as I said before.  When we found a house it was in a different school district - so 
\i I
\i0  ended up going to Liberty High School, instead of to Rampart High School with all my friends from 8th grade.  Except for Danette.  Of course.  It would only make sense that she would be transferring to my school for the inexplicable reason that her mom was the student advisor for our grade - a remarkable coincidence.  But of course.  Of course.  \
	Danette and I had ended that year on good terms - we still ran in the same social circle - but we were not exactly besties, and even if I found her in the crowd I was not sure that she would want to stand awkwardly with me in the line to get our ID photos taken.  Everywhere boys and girls milled like bumblebees, creating circles of the people they recognized from their old school, who they had spent summers with, who they would spend next summer with.  I was at square one.\
\
	\'93Would you believe that I never used to talk to people?\'94 I asked Katelyn.  \'93When I was in an awkward social situation, I would just stand there waiting for someone to talk to me.\'94\
	\'93Like you were fishing or something?\'94\
	\'93
\i Yeah,
\i0  pretty much.\'94\
	\'93Did that work?\'94\
	\'93Not usually.\'94\
\
	\'93What\'92s up?\'94 A boy stood in front of me, a bit tall and dressed all preppy, his hair neat and bordering on bowl-cut.  \'93Charlie Brown huh?  Cool.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, definitely.\'94\
	\'93You\'92re new too huh?  Doesn\'92t look like you know anyone.\'94\
	It was torture.  The new-kid-to-new-kid talk.  The desperate squawking of geeks trapped in a state of social limbo. \
	I freed myself from that conversation as quickly as possible and migrated to a differently populated area of fourteen year olds.  Katelyn was right, it was like fishing.  \
\
	\'93My life would have been alot different if I had talked to that kid.\'94\
	\'93Why, who was he?\'94\
	\'93That was Matthew 
\i fucking
\i0  Mario.  He was a part of the cool kid inner circle.  Or he would be.  He had just moved there too.\'94\
		\
	A tenet of fishing - know what to throw back, and what to keep.  Sure, Matt was kind of dorky at fourteen.  But in three years he\'92d be dating the most attractive girl in school (its true, these statistics were published in our yearbook).  Fourteen year old me would have loved to hitch my apple wagon to that star.\
	But I didn\'92t.  I was getting pretty smug there in my fishing vessel, eyeing the waters for my next catch.  I thought I was in control.  \
	However, what happened next, if we\'92re going to stick with this metaphor, was that a shark launched out of water and into my boat, capturing me in my mouth and tearing me into several parts with its razor sharp teeth.\
	\'93Who are 
\i YOU?
\i0 \'94
\i   \
	
\i0 The voice came from behind me, as nervous and cross-armed I bobbed around the exterior of a group of girls in cheerleading uniforms.  I turned to the tall, dark silhouette behind me.\
	\'93Because 
\i I
\i0  am Tyler, and you look as new as I am
\i .
\i0 \'94\
	Tyler was about six feet of ginger rage - his red hair was glued into symmetrical rows of wet-looking spikes and his wrists were wrapped in chains that attached to pockets on his ridiculously oversized pants.  Like, MC Hammer pants, shiny parachute material with red reflective flames running up them like a pinstripe.  \'93SYSTEM OF A DOWN\'94, his tshirt insisted.  	\'93TOAST!\'94 he exclaimed.  \'93I WANT TOOOAAASSST!\'94\
	\'93What?\'94\
\
	\'93What?\'94 Katelyn asked.\
	\'93He just said that, for no reason.  A lot.  Not said, like, screamed it.\'94\
\
	The cheerleaders had noticed me now.  They collectively inched their circle away from us.\
	\'93Ok so, time to pick your nickname.\'94 Tyler put one hand thoughtfully on his chin, and one hand up to my head as if he was measuring aspects of my face.  \
	\'93You look like a . . . Trixie.\'94\
	\'93What?\'94\
	\'93Your new name is Trixie. That, or, maybe Monica.  Your choice.\'94\
	\'93I  . . . Trixie.\'94\
	That was preference number two.  Preference number one was no nick name, no Tyler.  But it did not appear that was now going to happen.  When we were corralled inside the gym he followed four steps behind me like a party member in an old school RPG.  We sat on pull-out plastic bleachers as the esteemed history of our high school was explained to us from a small amplifier on the half court line.  Tyler sate next to me, looming above the rest of us, his black hood up, his posture rigid and alert as if he were in some sort of bizarre standby mode.  I could just tell he was about to say something absolutely cringe-inducing, he was just waiting for the right moment.\
	\'93We will now sing the school fight song,\'94 A short balding man implored us. \'93Please stand.\'94\
	\'93FIGHT SONG?!\'94 Tyler hollered, refusing to stand. \'93There\'92s only 
\i one
\i0  fight song, and that\'92s copyrighted by Marilyn Manson!\'94\
	Dear god.  Make him leave.  People were looking at us as a whole when I still felt just as separate.  In the giant singing gymnasium, alone.  \
\
	It\'92s important to remember that everything begins with that feeling.  I used to fear it, that tactile sense of being completely alone when you\'92re not, the realization that all of your edges are barren and not a single interlocking piece has found a compromise sufficient to latch itself to you.  At least, not the pieces you wanted.  I thought I could go fishing and find the right matches, that I could choose the people that I would start the next phase of my identity with.  Instead I exited the gym still dragging Tyler by the hook he\'92d placed in his own mouth.\
	Outside of the gym a girl with long brown hair pinned up with a headband stopped us.  \
	\'93I knew that was you!\'94 She yelped excitedly to Tyler.  \'93I could see you from the other side of the gym.\'94\
	\'93Is it him?\'94 a second girl called.  \'93OH GOD IT IS!  See I told Sarah that you looked like you were our age and you were probably coming to this school.\'94\
	A circle of students enveloped us - about eight total.  They were all very much not good looking.  Not attractive or popular-seeming, just average kids.\
	\'93TYLER!\'94 a third girl ran and jumped at my new stalker.  He caught her in a sort of straddle-hug.  Tyler high fived a boy next to them.  \'93This is Trixie.\'94 he said, using his free hand to showcase me like some profound discovery.  \'93Trixie, I met these people on a street corner yesterday.\'94\
 	I looked around at the group - it went like this:\
	The girl in the headband was Sarah, then there was Jenna, and girl three was Emily.  There was also Marlene, Ashley and Jenna\'92s boyfriend Brian, and also Paul and Ryan, two fairly un-vocal skaters and now Tyler and me.  We made a circle.  We stood shoulder to shoulder and talked about summer and the excitement of school starting and oh my god were we really in high school already?\
\
	I hated every one of them.  \
\
	\'93Sometimes you get caught up with people, socially speaking, for no discernible reason.\'94 I explained to Katelyn.  \'93It\'92s not like you\'92d pick them out if you had your choice.  They just end up melding into you involuntarily.\'94\
	\'93Are you suggesting that that\'92s what\'92s happening here?  On our \'91date\'92?\'94  Such a sarcastic tone on that one.  Completely unnecessary.\
	I laughed, shrugging.  \'93Listen, I\'92m just giving you options.  Not trying to convince you of anything, that\'92s not the point of this story.\'94\
	\'93Your stories have points now?\'94\
	\'93A few of them, yes.\'94\
	All of them, if you ask me.  It depends on what you\'92re trying to hear, I guess. \
	\'93So I started hanging out with these people that I did not really like but that liked me.  They didn\'92t really give me much of a choice.\'94\
\
	They day I\'92d met them - Registration day - was on a Tuesday, and on Wednesday the true chaos began.  Me and Sarah had lockers right next to each other, to the point that they could not be open at the same time because her door covered mine.\
	\'93Fight Club?\'94  I asked, staring blandly at the inside of her door, which was plastered with glossy, shirtless photos of Brad Pitt and Edward Norton adorned with tiny bars of soap.\
	\'93RULE NUMBER ONE!\'94 her and Emily chastised me, barely finishing the reprimand before convulsing into wild laughter.  A sticker of a pixie rested on a tuft Brad Pitt\'92s hair.  \
\
	\'93She was really into fairies.\'94 I explained to Katelyn.  \'93Notebooks, dozens of them - all with these wood elves all over them.  She even had fairy earrings.\'94\
	\'93Wait, is this the girl?\'94\
	Had I really become that predictable in half a date?  I guess it hadn\'92t helped that I picked a pizza place again.  I know the pizza we shared during the car jumping fiasco didn\'92t really constitute a date, but I could have a least mixed it up a little.  \
	\'93Yeah, Sarah is the girl.  The Mediterranean sound good?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, that\'92s good with me.  She sounds like a real winner.\'94\
	\'93Oh I hated her.\'94\
\
	I really did.  From her near-consuming obsession with half-dressed mythological spirits to her general shortness and braces and dumb little plastic headbands.\
	\'93Is she in kindergarten?\'94 Kim would sneer when she was far enough away.  Kim wasn\'92t really friends with us but came over to our lockers frequently to pick fights with Sarah.  \'93I think I have some neon leggings she could borrow.\'94\
	She really was clueless.  She flitted around like a moth trapped in a rave, stumbling over invisible obstacles on the flat carpet and flustering herself over the most minute social dilemma.\
	\'93Ohmigod ohmigod Jenna was 
\i crying
\i0  did you hear 
\i WHY?!  
\i0 Its because 
\i BRYAN 
\i0 said 
\i PEANUT BUTTER
\i0  was 
\i GROSS.
\i0   Do you understand what that 
\i means?
\i0   Jenna 
\i LOVES
\i0  peanut butter.  How is she supposed to kiss him after hearing 
\i that?!
\i0 \'94\
	I certainly don\'92t miss fourteen year old girls.  I fancied myself a few at the time but even just writing what I remember of the conversations I had with them is taxing and disillusioning.  To be a ladies man at fourteen, I think you would have to be deaf.  Sarah and her horribly obnoxious friends fluttered around me, Paul, Ryan, and Bryan like manic harpies attempting to supersede rational thought with their sharp howling.  I mean honestly, that peanut butter argument is the tip of the iceberg.  There was a particularly drawn out running joke/pretend argument they perpetuated regarding a secret war between FedEx and UPS that is literally too stupid for me to commit to words.  It would lower the merit of my work and lower your IQ by reading it, we\'92re all really just better off without it. \
	Still, there\'92s a reason I remember it.  Its a recursive battle, the loving and the hating.  We may not want that annoying blob of brown hair and scrunchies but we want other parts of it, the elusive smile beneath the braces, the flits of sanity that passed through her mind between the proliferation of girl emotions and baseless babbling.\
	At this point, I would have listened to Katelyn babble for as long as she liked.  \
	\cb2 Katelyn was babbling now.  I mean talking.  This is perhaps another good technique I\'92ve picked up - fight awkwardness with awkwardness.  It\'92s hard to not be relaxed when listening to someone\'92s attempt to make friends and failing in such a spectacular way.  A few \cb1 \
	Friday, just three days into school, we had our first dance.  My first high school dance.  I don\'92t know if its necessary to point out, but the magic of the high school dance is not on par with that of its middle school counter part.  It seems that the more sex occupies the minds of the attendees, the less I can find to like about it.  Present day, I can barely step foot in a club if  I\'92m not completely inebriated.  It\'92s just depressing.  We\'92ll expand on that later though - for now, let\'92s imagine my high school cafeteria at 9pm, a makeshift DJ booth standing where the cart with the salad dressing normally went, along with a series of platforms erected in the center of the place.  I don\'92t know who\'92s idea it was to construct what was basically a stripper stage for an event like this, but none of us had any particular problem with it.  Me Paul and Ryan looked up at the gyrating bodies of fourteen year olds in tight skirts thoughtfully considering the night.  \
	Yes, some things were exactly the same - the palpable humidity, the self-awareness in the sway of the hips, the darkness interrupted by colored lights signaling new and increasingly stupid fancies, ones that always make sense in the dark but would never survive the daylight.  \
	We started in a circle that just stood about talking - no real dancing.  Then the fake dancing, you know the kind - the robot, the ironic shopping cart and cabbage patch.  \'91Dancing is stupid,\'92 we wanted everyone to know - we were only here to check it out, or, ruin it or something.  Not because we wanted to be doing what everyone including ourselves came for - to initiate that closeness.  \
	Emily danced in the corner with Tyler, a huge look of disgust upon her face.  From the light reflecting off of his pleathery, shiny pants we could see outlined a massive erection rupturing the otherwise lovely live version of Sarah Mclachlan\'92s \'93I Will Remember You\'94.  \
	Yes, we were not good at this.  Me, Paul, and Ryan, stood against a wall, eyeing girls pensively but unwilling to move unless as a group.  We were literally motionless.  Paul started to say something.  I looked but then he just shut his mouth again.  \
	\'93I should go dance with that ugly girl!\'94 Ryan yelled, laughing at the mere idea of it.  \'93That would be HILARIOUS!\'94\
	Without much feedback from the two of us, he began to flail suggestively against the selected target.\
	\'93She looks like she\'92s having a good time.\'94 Paul said.\
	She really did.  Me and Paul separated and began to mill the dance floor restlessly, attempting to recreate the scene we\'92d observed, in a less offensive manner.  This search was a lot more difficult than those middle school days.  There were boyfriends, social stratification - a whole number of things to consider before simply asking someone to dance.  It was too much pressure.  I retreated back to my circle of friends.  I looked around at my options.  Jenna had Bryan by the arm, who looked less than enthusiastic about the whole dance situation - he was a sophomore, and as age increased it seemed your interest in these dances dropped.  There were no seniors there to my knowledge.  Just herds and herds of freshman, and a few dozen upperclassmen that hadn\'92t gotten the memo or were preying upon my class.  Emily was dancing with one such boy at that moment, Ashley and Marlene stood huddled and discussing some seemingly important things . . . then there was Sarah.  Standing there alone in her dressiest headband.  Eh.\
	\'93Do you want to dance?\'94 I asked her.  And dance we did.  After the close of our first song we kept near and oscillated idly until the next slow song started.  Then again slow danced again.  \
	\'93You going to dance every slow song with me?\'94 she asked.  She had this sly smile that seemed to tell me that she knew exactly what I was doing.  Despite the fairies and headbands, she was a bit ahead of me.\
	\'93Brian and Jenna are dancing together every song.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s because they\'92re dating.\'94\
	\'93We . . . could date, you know.\'94\
	She giggled and then I kissed her.  At the moment it just seemed to make sense.\
	\'93So you changed your mind about Sarah, eh?\'94 Katelyn said smugly, finishing off her glass of wine.  \'93I\'92ll be honest, I liked her.  So dorky.  I can relate.\'94\
	\'93No.  I still absolutely abhorred her.\'94\
	\'93But you still wanted to date her?\'94\
	\'93I just wanted to win.\'94\
	\'93Win how?\'94\
	\'93Me and Sarah were 
\i completely
\i0  wrong for each other.  I knew it.  But, I wanted to dance with someone.  I wanted to date someone.\'94\
	\'93That is awful.\'94\
	We were getting the check.  Bad timing on my part.\
	\'93That\'92s not the end of the story, of course.\'94 I continued.  \'93Give me the chance to redeem myself here.\'94\
	\'93K, but do you see what I\'92ve been saying here?\'94  Katelyn asked.  \'93That is exactly what\'92s happening now, you want to win.  We had a fun night but now you\'92ve got something to prove.\'94\
	\'93Ok, let\'92s save the judgement until the end of the story.\'94\
	We walked out to my car.  Collectively we had consumed about a bottle of wine.  I wasn\'92t sure if that was going to be enough.\
	\'93So your friend is in this band?\'94  Katelyn asked.\
	\'93Yeah, Torre.  He works with us.\'94\
	\'93And what kind of music do they play?\'94\
	\'93Umm, its more conceptual.  You\'92ll just need to see it.\'94\
\
	Back to the dance - gritty - transition into daylight less obtrusively\
\
	Much like with Katelyn, I had feared Monday morning and the confrontation it would bring, the transition into daylight.  This one, too, was much more straightforward than I had anticipated.  Sarah was my girlfriend.  She happily accepted the role.  What role that was though, I still didn\'92t know.  My few months circling the stadium with Erin and three days attempting to take the batter\'92s mound with Danette had proven almost entirely useless in terms of R&D.   \
\
	The Andy Kaufman of hardcore.  \
	Yet, she still wants to see me afterwards.  \
\
\
\
\
	Sometimes, you need to forgive someone for being fourteen.  \
	\
\

\b 	
\b0 \'93So you\'92re happy that you hung out with Tyler and Sarah?  And not Matt Mario?\'94\
	\'93Absolutely.  Its kind of funny like that - \'94
\b \
\
\
	
\b0 \'93So you never told me the point of your story.\'94\
	\'93Oh, I did.  You probably just missed it.\'94\
	\'93Then you suck at telling stories.\'94\
	\'93Maybe you suck at listening to stories.\'94
\b \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 	Katelyn laughed as she rolled into my arms, her head on my chest again, her fingers interwoven into mine.\
	In ninth grade I had attempted to convince myself that Tyler, Sarah, everyone - that we had only one thing in common - our inability to connect with anybody else; including each other.  I saw our interactions as some sort of social imperialism, moving in and taking, 
\i winning
\i0 .  The truth is, I just didn\'92t want to admit that these people I hadn\'92t hand picked were somehow destined to be a part of my life, and I was certainly not ready to believe that I was going to be better for it.  At the end of it, you don\'92t pick the people that are going to be important to you - it just happens.  And when the pieces start to slide together, you realize there had been a place in you squared away for them all along.  All of a sudden, the right parts just click into place.  \
	I squeezed Katelyn\'92s hand, and silently she squeezed back.  \
	\'93I\'92m not saying this makes complete sense, or that this is or is not something or 
\i anything 
\i0 specific like that, just that - I\'92m not trying to win.  That\'92s not what I\'92m doing.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 she replied, and doing so squeezed my hand one more time.  \'93I believe you.\'94\
	Katelyn fell asleep, and eventually so did I.\
\
\
It\'92s like having an ice cream cone knocked out of your hands so many times that you laugh about it.  }