{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=4529}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28520\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale122
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 The Chase - NaNoWriMo edition\
\
Chapter 6 - Good Sarah (9th grade - 2001) / Katelyn ( Real World - 2010)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 \
We join the story in media res.\
\
	\'93Sometimes you get caught up with people, socially speaking, for no discernible reason.  It\'92s not like you\'92d pick them out if you had your choice.  They just end up melding into you involuntarily.\'94\
	\'93Like us!\'94\
	Katelyn though this was hilarious, while I just leaned back into my chair.\
	\'93C\'92mon, admit it.  This is funny.\'94\
	\'93Us being out together?\'94\
	\'93Well, a little.  I mean - \'94  She stopped when she saw the look of frustration on my face.  \'93Well you know I could never like, 
\i date
\i0  you.\'94\
	\'93Right.  Well, that\'92s the point of this story.\'94\
	\'93Your stories have points now?\'94\
	\'93A few of them, yes.\'94\
	All of them, if you ask me.  It depends on what you\'92re trying to hear, I guess. \
	\'93So I started hanging out with these people that I did not really like but that liked me.  They absorbed me.\'94\
\
	They day I\'92d met them - Registration day - was on a Tuesday, and on Wednesday the true chaos began.  Me and Sarah had lockers right next to each other, to the point that they could not be open at the same time because her door covered mine.\
	\'93Fight Club?\'94  I asked, staring blandly at the inside of her door, which was plastered with glossy, shirtless photos of Brad Pitt and Edward Norton and tiny bars of soap.\
	\'93RULE NUMBER ONE!\'94 her and Emily chastised me, barely finishing the reprimand before convulsing into wild laughter.  A sticker of a pixie rested on a tuft Brad Pitt\'92s hair.  \
\
	\'93She was really into fairies.\'94 I explained to Katelyn.  \'93Notebooks, dozens of them - all with these wood elves all over them.  She even had fairy earrings.\'94\
	\'93Wait, is this the girl?\'94\
	Had I really become that predictable in half a date?  I guess it hadn\'92t helped that I picked a pizza place again.  I know the pizza we shared during the car jumping fiasco didn\'92t really constitute a date, but I could have a least mixed it up a little.  \
	\'93Yeah, Sarah is the girl.  The Mediterranean sound good?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, that\'92s good with me.  She sounds like a real winner.\'94\
	\'93Oh I hated her.\'94\
\
	I really did.  From her near-consuming obsession with half-dressed mythological spirits to her general shortness and braces and dumb little plastic headbands.\
	\'93Is she in kindergarten?\'94 Kim would sneer when she was far enough away.  Kim wasn\'92t really friends with us but she came over to our lockers frequently to pick fights with Sarah.  \'93I think I have some neon leggings she could borrow.\'94\
	She really was clueless.  She flitted around like a moth trapped in a strobe light factory, stumbling over invisible obstacles on the flat carpet and flustering herself over the most minute social dilemma.\
	\'93Ohmigod ohmigod Jenna was 
\i crying
\i0  did you hear 
\i WHY?!  
\i0 Its because 
\i BRYAN 
\i0 said 
\i PEANUT BUTTER
\i0  was 
\i GROSS.
\i0   Do you understand what that 
\i means?
\i0   Jenna 
\i LOVES
\i0  peanut butter.  How is she supposed to kiss him after hearing 
\i that?!
\i0 \'94\
	I certainly don\'92t miss fourteen year old girls.  I fancied myself a few at the time but even just writing what I remember of the conversations I had with them is taxing and disillusioning.  To be a ladies man at fourteen, I think you would have to be deaf.  Sarah and her horribly obnoxious friends fluttered around me, Paul, Ryan, and Bryan like manic harpies attempting to supersede rational thought with their sharp howling.  I mean honestly, that peanut butter argument is the tip of the iceberg.  There was a particularly drawn out running joke/pretend argument they perpetuated regarding a secret war between FedEx and UPS that is literally too stupid for me to commit to words.  It would lower the merit of my work by adding it and lower your IQ by reading it, we\'92re all really just better off without it. \
	But we aren\'92t, are we?  Its a recursive battle, the loving and the hating.  We may not want that annoying blob of brown hair and scrunchies but we want other parts of it, the elusive smile beneath the braces, the flits of sanity that passed through her mind between the proliferation of girl emotions and baseless babbling.\
	Friday, just three days into school, we had our first dance.  My first high school dance.  I don\'92t know if its necessary to point out, but the magic of the high school dance is not on par with that of its middle school counter part.  \
\
	\'93No.  I still absolutely abhorred her.\'94\
	\'93But you still wanted to date her?\'94\
\
	\'93Exactly!\'94  Katelyn pronounced.  \'93That is exactly what\'92s happening now, you want to win.\'94\
\
	Sometimes, you need to forgive someone for being fourteen.  }