{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=2261}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17320\viewkind2\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Chapter 1\
\
	In a line, at Goodwill, Peter stood; holding a pair of gloves and a coffee mug etched with the words \'d250th anniversary\'d3.  Peter does not drink coffee.\
	Behind him, Peter heard the obnoxious call that was a young child\'d5s singing voice, piericing the air in a bittersweet anthem of oblivity that capitvated and inspired children of his age.  This child\'d5s particular anthem came in the form of a drawn out, dramatic sing-song vocal piece that seemed to invite the other patrons to sing along, if only the words were cohherent and familiar.  \
	\'d2Aaaaaanddd, aaaannnndddd . . . there\'d5s a chaaaaaiirrrr . . . . aaaannnnddd, there\'d5s a boooooooxxxxxxx\'d3 he sang, head tilted skyward as if serranading the angels.  The song was never ending, much like the shopping trip that had brought Peter here.  Not that he was complaining.  He liked children, and he needed gloves.  He was generally a very patient person even at Goodwill on a Saturday (when everything except purple tags were half off)  but there is a time in the day when one realizes that too much has been done, to straining the day, and thoughts of rest flood them mind and like the lapping of the ocean Peter felt his toes tingle.  \'d2Aaaaaandddd he has a grey shiiiiiiiiirrrrtt, an e\'d5s got brown paaaaaants aaaaannnn he ain\'d5t got no socks on!\'d3  Peter realized the boy was singing about him.  He smiled sheepishly at his caroler, not sure of what to say to someone who found their muse in him.  The mother made no move to correct what was a potentially rude situation, so Peter pretended not to be listening, and turned his back, a warm ear to the boys song.  \'d2Heeeeeeee, well, e ain\'d5t that tall either, but e ain\'d5t shooooooorrrrt.   Likes buildin things i s\'d5pooooose, likes \'d4is coffeeeee as weeeeelllllllll\'d3.  Peter was impressed by the boy\'d5s ingenuity and dedication to the subject he had started.  Suddenly, a change in pitch and melody.  \'d2I I I I I am tirreeeed A A A A A And i want mom what IS that?\'d3  His focus had drifted.\
	This day was prepatory, and collecting gloves was essential.  He had to look like he knew what he was doing, like he had done it before.  But what can one do to prepare to garden?  Other than being equppied there is little.  Metally prepared?  For gardening?  Is there }