{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14880\viewh12520\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Hey everyone!\
\
I am super excited to announce my new story project which begins this weekend.  I\'92ve already told you that I\'92ll be releasing a new story every two weeks,  averaging about two pages each and covering a variety of topics.  But as previously mentioned, there is an interactive twist.  For each story, there is a unique QR code that will link you to the page, and stickers with the corresponding codes are being scattered throughout Denver.  This is basically a high tech way of sharing these small stories - people waiting for trains and buses,  browsing in libraries, or just walking through cap hill will be able to scan the QR codes with smartphones, and be taken directly to a mobile version of the story.  I put together a series of photos to illustrate how it works:\
\
\
\
Each story has a unique color scheme and sticker, and at two stories a month, I hope to cover Denver in a colorful barrage of free stories.  I know,  this isn\'92t quite as fun if you\'92re not here in Denver - AT LEAST NOT YET.  Because this is where you come in.  At the bottom of every story is a \'93Help Spread Stories\'94 link,  which will take you to a page where you can download a PDF of the sticker templates to spread throughout YOUR city, as well as black and white image of just the QR code so that you can do your own thing with it.  One of the biggest joys of my work is getting my stories out to people I\'92ve never even met, and finding common ground through them.  With this project I hope to spread that reach even further.   \
\
The stories live here:\
http://GodblessTheChase.com/stories/\
\
The first story is called The Trade:\
http://GodblessTheChase.com/stories/TheTrade/\
\
You can find QR code templates here:\
http://GodblessTheChase.com/stories/TheTrade/help.html\
\
\
I'll post a new one ever two weeks.  Are you excited?  I'm excited.  Until then, thanks for being awesome, and I hope you like the stories!\
\
}