{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl360\slmult1\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\lang1033\b\f0\fs26 Five Heavy Blankets
\par 
\par ACT I\b0 
\par 
\par \tab Dylan lied with several heavy blankets on top of him.
\par \i\tab He built her a castle, a giant, empty castle.  I just built her a sand castle.  That’s why.  She doesn’t love him anymore, but that’s not the point.\i0 
\par \tab He did his best thinking under the blankets where the light was mostly gone, just fuzzy spots of yellow burning through in the dark rumply surface.
\par \tab\i She just wanders the castle because she remembers being happy inside of it, even though its empty now.  I’m just patting my castle with a plastic shovel.  The terrace keeps crumbling off because the sand is not wet enough.\i0 
\par \tab Dylan stood up, taking the bottom blanket with him.  It was dark blue and coarse, with a satin trim.  He walked to the bathroom and looked at himself in the mirror.
\par \tab\i At least I don’t love her, I just like her a lot.  
\par \tab\i0 Dylan does not do much when he is stoned.  He thinks about love in very practical ways, and does not feel sad about it.  Even as he rubs his eyes forcefully with his palms he can’t help but smile a little.  Everything is ok.  It makes sense, just not the way he preferred it to.
\par \tab\i I know I am wasting my life.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan does not censor himself when it comes to internal criticism.  Maybe this is why his emotions change suddenly and he becomes sad without much warning.  
\par \tab\i It is because I am not a good person anymore.
\par \tab\i0 She was a good person, Dylan was not.  That’s how the logic went.  He always trusted marijuana-induced logic, he felt it was impartial and not tuned to his best interest.  Dylan’s hands begin to move and rub his face uncontrollably.  The last hit was possibly too much.  He goes to his bed still wrapped in the blanket and convulses softly in the warm bed and falls asleep without much thought.
\par 
\par \tab When Dylan wakes up he feels light headed, but not at all bad.  He has an email already even though he doesn’t technically start work until nine.  It is seven fifteen.  He woke up early on account of how deep and uninterrupted his sleep was; 7 hours was just plain enough.  He felt very calm and capable, so he got dressed and decided he would start work early.
\par \tab When Dylan first started every day was like this.  He was eager.  He frequently over-achieved.  Now Dylan got stoned at night and sometimes woke up late.  His alarm was set to the last possible minute he could wake up and achieve an on-time departure - 7:37.  A year ago it was 7:10.  A year before that it had been 6:30 on the dot.
\par \i\tab Today will be like old days.\i0 
\par \tab Dylan put his pants on and retrieved his keys.  He ate breakfast slowly and confidently as he read the email.  1-25, north, right outside of the city.  Middle aged caucasian man with shoulder length, sandy-blonde hair.  He could be there by 9, maybe a little before.  That would be impressive.
\par 
\par \tab Dylan drives a large red truck with a white stripe down the side - it is getting old but still runs rather smoothly.  He is never sure what kind of baggage people are going to have, it allowed for the most flexibility.  Once he had to load a jet ski into the back.  What would he have even done if he’d showed up in a Honda Civic?
\par \tab\i This job could be a lot more structured.
\par \tab\i0 It was not hard to spot the man - he was standing on the side of the road beside a black hatchback, scratching his head.  The city was behind him and the highway here was one lane, old, with orange-brown fields on either side.  Dylan slowed to a stop on the side of the road behind the man.
\par \tab“David?” the man called to Dylan as he exited the car.
\par \i\tab Roll with it.
\par \i0\tab He’d thought the same thing every morning.  It helped him at first - now it was just something he thought involuntarily, like ‘bless you’ when someone sneezed.  
\par \tab“Yep.  You wanna go for a ride?”
\par \tab The man looked up and down the highway, confused, like he was waiting for a better answer to come down the road.  Reluctantly he grabbed a bag out of his open window and climbed into the passenger seat of the old red truck.
\par \tab“Don’t know why I brought my backpack today.” the man said.  “Well, I guess I’ve been having leftover lunch at work and I wanted to be able to bring it home.”  The man appeared to be a little nervous about it.  “Don’t know why all this is in there though, I guess I took it someplace and forgot to clean it out.  I guess maybe camping.”  
\par \tab People were always trying to explain to him why they brought what they did.  Dylan knew already though.  He saw the golden arms of a trophy figurine sticking out of the bag’s open zipper.  
\par \tab“You got a trophy in there?” Dylan asked.
\par \tab The man chuckled and beamed a little, pulled it out and examined it himself.  
\par \tab“93’, biggest tournament I’d ever been in.  I was so in shape back then.  Unstoppable.”
\par \tab\i This one’s a maybe.
\par \tab\i0“Do you still feel unstoppable?”
\par \tab“Oh, absolutely.” the man leaned back into the seat holding the trophy a little above him.  Caught in quiet reminiscence he examined the tiny man on top of the trophy cup - molded into some stark battle pose of an unnamed martial art.
\par \tab This was getting Dylan nowhere.
\par \tab“Is that a milk jug?”  Dylan swore he could see the orange twist off cap of a milk jug in the man’s backpack.
\par \tab“Oops, sure is.  Must have been in a hurry this morning, taken that with me on accident.”
\par \tab The man was very confused now.  He took the jug out and examined it.  “Oh, look what I did again,” he said, sliding the lid off without unscrewing it.  “Morgan hates that.”
\par \tab“Who’s Morgan?”
\par \tab“My wife Morgan, you met her.  She hates it when I push the lid on instead of twisting it.  If we don’t drink it fast enough it strips it and the cap just slides off.  She says it makes it go bad faster.  I told you about that once, at your Christmas party last year.  I got too drunk, remember?”
\par \tab“Yeah, I do.”
\par \tab\i Just roll with it.  He’s getting there.\i0 
\par \tab He knew it was happening when they started elaborating.
\par \tab“Me and Morgan fought alot after that, remember.  She started asking me if there were other jugs of milk like that in the neighborhood.”
\par \tab“Yeah?”
\par \tab“I just don’t get it.  I mean, she knew what she was getting into.  What she gave up to be with me.”\tab 
\par \tab“What did she give up?”
\par \tab“Having me to herself.”
\par \tab“You’re saying you cheated on her?”
\par \tab“I did not.  It’s what we agreed upon, remember?  You used to always have my back on this, until we got older, now I feel like you don’t believe in it anymore.”
\par \tab The man looked sadly out his window, into the road in the rearview mirror.  They were traveling further north, through land that became even more desolate the further they went.
\par \tab“Monogamy isn’t natural.  It isn’t in our DNA.  You ever see two animals fight over love?”
\par \tab“I’ve seen animals fight over alot of things.” Dylan said.  “Like trees, or french fries.”
\par \tab“That’s not what I mean.”
\par \tab Dylan wasn’t supposed to question the passenger.  They only have a day to drive and it needs to be used correctly - if they’re not comfortable, they won’t open up.
\par \tab“Not everyone’s so one-at-a-time.  Some people are, that’s great.  Are you like that?  I - I forget.”
\par \tab“I am now that I’m older.  I wasn’t when we were younger.”
\par \tab“That’s right.  What changed David?  Because I want to know.”
\par \tab“Well,” Dylan said, “I just think that if you love someone, like really love them, not just love the idea of them or being with them, but love them like you want to take care of them and make them happy, then you have to put them above everyone else in your life.”
\par \tab“ . . . but if but both people are ok with it . . . ”
\par \tab“Then that’s what it is.”
\par \tab“Everything we had was fine.”
\par \tab“Really?”
\par \tab“Yes really.”  The man looked offended, and confused.  “You’re not David, are you?”
\par \tab“I am not.”
\par \tab The man twisted uncomfortably in the seat.  Dylan’s patience was gone already.  Today was not going to be like old days.
\par \tab“So I have some big news.”  Dylan said.  “You’re dead.  And, I need you to tell me why.”
\par \tab“No,” the man, chuckled, trying to force a joke out of what Dylan intended as truth.  “That’s not it.  I just need to remember . . . where I was driving this morning.”
\par \tab“Instead, why don’t you tell me what you did last night?”
\par \tab“After the game?”
\par \tab“Sure, after that.”
\par \tab“Well I - well I guess I watched it at home instead of - Morgan, she was - oh that’s right.  She’s not - she doesn’t live with me . . .” the man began to tremble a little.  “It’s been a month and now I don’t think - she’s probably not.”
\par \tab The man now felt the hole in the back of his neck. He patted it softly at first, tapping the warm wet spot until he realized it no longer hurt.   
\par \tab“I shot myself.”
\par \tab“Ok, but tell me why.”
\par \tab“Because last night I realized what \i I\i0  gave up.   Morgan never wanted to share me and the whole time I knew it, but I let it happen because she was too in love with me risk losing me by demanding better.  I just didn’t care until now, and now I can’t fix it.”
\par \tab“You could of, but its ok.”  Dylan began to slow to the side of the road when he saw the shed off to the right, past the steel guard rails holding in the highway.  “Listen, you need to not feel bad, ok?”  
\par \tab The man stared complacently out the window.  Dylan could see sky through the whole in the back of his throat.
\par \tab“See the shed?” Dylan asked, pointing out the passenger window.
\par \tab“Yes.”
\par \tab“Take your bag and go in there.”
\par \tab The man was too lost inside his thoughts now to protest.  He placed the milk jug and trophy back into his backpack, on top of some other items Dylan could not quite make out, and hopped out of the truck.  Without looking back the man listlessly entered the shed and pulled the door shut behind him.
\par 
\par \tab Dylan was assigned one person a day.  It used to take him the whole day.  But today it was 10:15 and already he had nothing to do.
\par \tab\i I guess I could have taken a little longer.\i0 
\par \tab Dylan drove home and found his pipe.
\par \i\tab I’ve got some big news?  You need to not feel bad?  Is that the best I can come up with now?
\par \tab\i0 He generally only smokes Indica.  Sativa lets his brain think too much.  
\par \tab\i There were other things in the bag you didn’t even see.  You didn’t even want too.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan chuckled into the mirror.  He should have felt something, but he didn’t.\i 
\par \i0\tab See, after a while they all seem the same.  And while each person felt the same pain each time they realized exactly what was happening, Dylan became more and more detached with each assistance.  It was how he adapted to the duplicate results, the unending unoriginality of the deceased.  Dylan had begun to correctly guess the cause of death for each passanger.  He had known that man would be a suicide.  Only suicides bring trophies.  
\par \tab Once, a long time ago, Dylan had held the hand of an old woman in the passenger seat.  He had stopped the car.  He’d pulled over and had talked with her, let her cry.  The shed had already appeared on the side of the road but she wasn’t ready to get out of the car yet, so Dylan comforted her as she talked.  She showed him everything in her purse and explained each little artifact to him.
\par \tab The experience gave something to Dylan - a sense of accomplishment, a certain feeling of validation - but it took something as well.  It took tiny ounces of security and peace, it forced connections in his brain between Dylan’s own life and the life of the people being escorted to the shed.  
\par \tab\i You made him leave fast because you didn’t want to hear.
\par \tab\i0 He was right again.  High-Dylan was always right.
\par \tab Dylan convulsed in his bed, holding his phone as steady as he could.  He hovered over Dana’s number.  He opened up a message she had written him, scanned it for meanings he had not noticed before.  There was nothing new to report.  Dylan knew better than to call her.  He knew he was too high to talk normally or to meet her someplace, and he knew it was better to stay away from her for a long time, forever preferably, but it seemed unlikely to happen.  He was convinced that if he were exposed to her for just a little bit longer the understanding he sought would surface, and he would feel much better.  Either that or he would ache horribly again, like tearing a scab off of skin that refused to scar.
\par \tab\i It has been a week, maybe you will never see her again.  This is a victory.  
\par \tab\i0 Dylan shut his phone off.  It was the only light in his room and he fell asleep without it glaring in his face.
\par 
\par 
\par \b 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par ACT II\b0 
\par \tab 
\par \tab Dylan awoke in the morning still stuck in the fog of a dream he had been having.  He had experienced few dreams since he had begun smoking, but in this surprisingly vivid one Dylan had been dating Emma Watson.  They were in a karaoke bar and they were laughing together; they each had two tiny slips of paper with a single word on it that they were supposed to go up on stage and read at the right time.  Dylan had lost one of the slips of paper though and was beginning to feel nervous.  No one would have guessed per se that Emma was with Dylan but when she smiled at him he knew that she knew, and somehow that’s all that mattered.
\par \tab\i What is wrong with my subconscious.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan was awake early again, looking at his bloodshot eyes in the mirror.
\par \tab\i There was not even sex in that dream.  Just laughing in vicinity to each other.  That’s the best I can come up with now.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan poured a bowl of cereal.  He checked his phone.  It was almost 8:30 but there was still no email.
\par \tab\i She is messing with the way you perceive relationships.  
\par \tab\i0 The phone buzzed while he was still thinking about her, and he hoped it was and was not her attempting to contact him.  It was his email though.  South Broadway at Bayaud.  Woman, early twenties, short black hair.  
\par \tab Dylan still felt woozy as he drove down Broadway.  It was a good woozy but he had some problems staying exactly in his lane, as his hands felt light and impractical gripping the wheel.  As he approached Bayaud he regained feeling though and squeezed the wheel hard as he slowed down to a stop in front of Famous Pizza.
\par \tab“Dana.”  Dylan stated.  She had cut her hair.  She stood silently, confused, on the corner as people passed her without the slightest acknowledgment.  
\par \tab“Eric?”
\par \i\tab No.
\par \i0\tab Eric pleaded with his insides.  
\par \tab\i Please god no, just not this.
\par \tab\i0 Dana reflected Dylan’s anxious look, the confusion turning on her a little.  You were not supposed to let the passanger be confused.
\par \tab\i Roll with it.
\par \tab\i0“I am Eric.” Dylan said, though his mouth had trouble communicating this honestly.  “I am here to pick you up.”
\par \tab“Oh . . .” she looked around blankly.  “I guess that makes sense.”
\par \tab Dana brought with her a baggy duffle bag full of items clanking around inside.  She perched herself upon the seat next to him and scanned the interior of the car like it was new to her.  Like she hadn’t opened the ketchup packet that painted the ceiling like a dramatic murder scene.
\par \tab“What happened to the  . . . where’s the Mazda?”
\par \tab“I just bought this.  This is what I drive now.”
\par \tab“Ahh.  I guess we don’t talk much these days.  I really miss that.”
\par \tab Why did it have to be Eric?  
\par \tab\i Because its always the person that meant the most to you.  \i0 
\par \tab The ones that build the castles.
\par \tab\i Not the sand castles.  \i0 
\par \tab Dylan began driving.  It didn’t matter where.  He headed for the 1-25 South ramp.  
\par \tab“I brought my duffel bag because I thought I might work out today.”  Dana explained.  “I was going to get up early and go before work, but I guess I didn’t make it.”
\par \pard\sl0\slmult1\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\tab\i I guess you didn’t.\i0   Dylan enjoyed being cynical.\i 
\par \pard\sl360\slmult1\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\i0 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab That was him.  The one that built the castle.  Dylan didn’t want to be Eric.  He wanted to be Dylan, and for that to be enough.
\par “How’s it going?  You ready to leave?”
\par 
\par Drives around, takes the whole day - gets ice cream, goes to a park?
\par First half of day as Eric
\par “You’re not Eric, are you?”
\par “Nope.”
\par Second half of the day as an attempt to be what she wants
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \i That was perfect.  Exactly like it should be.
\par }
