{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl360\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\b\fs22 Laid to Rest
\par 
\par \b0\tab Dylan lied on his couch, with several heavy blankets on top of him.
\par \i\tab He built her a castle, a giant caslte, thought it is now empty.  I just built her a sand castle.  That’s why.  She doesn’t love him anymore, but that’s not the point.
\par \i0\tab He did his best thinking under the blankets, their thick wooly threads collectively blotting out the light filtering in from windows around him, just spots of yellow and white burning through the dark, rumply surface.
\par  \i\tab She just wanders the castle because she remember being happy inside of it, even though it is empty now.  I'm just patting my castle with a plastic shovel.  The terrace keeps crumbling off because the sand is not wet enough.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan stood up and began to wander around his appartment, taking the bottom blanket with him.  It was dark blue and coarse with a satin trim, and in his state he fancied it some kind of cloak or cape as he approached the bathroom mirror.  He leaned in, inspecting his eyes and the lines around them in great detail.
\par \tab\i At least I don’t love her, I just like her a lot.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan does not do much when he is stoned.  He thinks about love in very practical ways, and does not feel sad about it.  Even as he rubbed his eyes forcefully with his palms, he couldn’t help but smile a little.  Everything was ok.  It made sense, just not the way he preffered it to.
\par \tab\i I know I am wasting my life.\i0 
\par \tab He did not censor himself when it came to personal critique.  Maybe this is why his emotions frequently changed and he became sad with very little warning.
\par \tab\i It is because I am not a good person anymore.\i0 
\par \tab She was a good person, Dylan was not.  That’s how the logice went.  He always trusted marijuana-induced logic; he felt it was impartial and made him a sober friend unto himself, a confidant and steady shoulder.  Dylan’s hands began to move and rub his face uncontrollably.  The last hit was possibly too much.  He hobbled into his bed still wrapped in the coarse blue blanket, and convulsed softly in the bed until he fell asleep.
\par 
\par \tab When Dylan awoke he still felt light-headed, but not at all bad.  He checked his phone - he had an email already, though he doesn’t techincally start work until nine.  It was seven fifteen; his sleep had been deep and undisturbed and he felt calm and prepared for the day.  He began his morning routine with pupose and intent - he would get to work early, he would over-perform.  
\par \tab When Dylan had first started his job, every day was like this.  He was eager.  He wanted to do better than what was expected of him.  Now Dylan got stoned at night and sometimes woke up late.  His alarm was set for the last possible minute he could wake up and achieve an on-time departure - 7:37.  A year ago it was 7:10.  A year before that it had been 6:30 on the dot.
\par \tab\i Today will be like old days.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan ate a slow, elaborate breakfast while reading the email.  1-25 Northbound, right outside the city.  Middle-age caucasion man with shoulder length, sandy-blonde hair.  He could be there by nine, maybe a little before.  That would be impressive.
\par 
\par \tab Dylan drive a large red truck with a white stripe down the side - it was getting old, but still ran smoothly.  He had bought it used a couple years ago when he realized his Honda Civic was not going to accomodate the type of baggage people were showing up with.  Once he was forced to load a jet ski into it, all by himself.
\par \tab\i This job could be a lot more structured.
\par \tab\i0 Dylan thought about suggestions and improvements as he drove north on I-25, scanning the side of the road.  The man was not hard to spot - he was out standing beside his black hatchback, scratching his head.  The city was far behind him now and the highway had become one lane, old, with orange-brown fields on either side.
\par \tab Dylan slowed to a stop behind the man’s vehicle.
\par \tab“David?” the man called to Dylan as he exited the truck.  
\par \tab\i Roll with it.
\par \i0\tab He thought this quietly to himself every morning when it came to this part.  It had helped him adapt at first - now it was just something he thought involuntarily, like “Bless You” after someone sneezed.  
\par \tab“Yep, its david.  You wanna go for a ride?”
\par \tab The man looked up and downt he highway, confused, like he was waiting for a better answer to the question to come down the road.  Reluctantly he grabbed a bag out of his open window and climbed into the cab of the truck beside Dylan.  
\par \tab“Don’t know why I brought my backpack today.” the man said.  “Well, I guess its because I haven’t been eating all of my lunch, and I thought I should start bringing it home.”  The man appeared a little suspicious of his own explination.  “Don’t know why al this is in there though, I guess I took it someplace and forgot to clean it out.  I guess . . . well, when did we go camping?  It was few months ago at least.”
\par \tab People were always trying to explain to Dylan why they brought what they did.  Dylan already knew.  He saw the golden arms of a trophy figurine sticking out of the bag’s open zipper.
\par \tab“You got a trophy in there?” Dylan asked.
\par \tab The man chuckled and beamed a little, pulled it out and examinted it himself.
\par \tab“‘93.  Biggest tournament I’d ever been in.  I was so in shape back then.  Unstoppable.”
\par \tab\i This one’s a maybe.\i0 
\par \tab“Do you still feel unstoppable?”
\par \tab“Oh, absolutely.” The man leaned back into the seat, holding the trophy in the air a bit.  Caught in quiet reminiscence he examined the tiny man atop the tophy cup, molded into som stark battle pose of an unnamed martial art.
\par \tab\i Nope, this isn’t the one.\i0 
\par \tab“Is that a milk jug?”  Dylan swore he could see the orange twist off cap of a milk jug in the man’s backpack.  
\par \tab“Oops, sure is.  Must have ben in a hurry this morning, taken that with me on accident.”
\par \tab The man was very confused now.  He took the jub out and examined it.
\par \tab“Oh, look what I did again,” he said, sliding the lid off without unscrewing it.  “Morgan hates that.”
\par \tab“Who’s Morgan?”
\par \tab“My wife Morgan, you met her.  She hates it when I push the lid on instead of twisting it.  If we don’t drink it fast enough it strips it and the cap just slides off.  She says it makes it go bad faster.  I told you about that once, at your Christmas party last year.  I got too drunk, remember?”
\par \tab“Yeah, I do.”
\par \tab\i Just roll with it.  He’s getting there.
\par \tab\i0 He knew it was happening when they started elaborating.  
\par \tab“Me and Morgan fought a lot after that, remember.  She started asking me if there were other jugs of milk like that in the nieghborhood.”
\par \tab“Yeah?”
\par \tab“I just don’t get it.  I mean, she knew what she was getting herself in to.”
\par \tab“What was that?”
\par \tab“That she wasn’t the only one, you know?”
\par \tab“You’re saying you cheated on her?”
\par \tab“I did not!  It's what we agreed upon, remember?  YOu used to always have my back on this, until we got older, now I feel like you don’t feel the same anymore.”
\par \tab The man looked sadly out his window, into the road in the rearview mirror.  They were traveling further north, through land that beame even more desolate the further they went.
\par \tab“Monogamy isn’t natural, see?  It isn’t in our DNA.  You ever see two animals fight over love?”
\par \tab“I’ve seen animals fight over lots of things.” Dylan said.  “Like trees, or french fries.”
\par \tab“That’s not what I mean.”
\par \tab Dylan wasn’t supposed to question the passenger.  They only have the day to understand and it needs to be used correctly - they’re not comfortable, if they feel like they're wrong - they won’t open up.
\par \tab“Not everyone’s so one-at-a-time.” The man continued.  “Some people are, that’s great.  Are you like that?  I - I forget.”
\par \tab“I am now that I'm older.  I wasn’t when we were younger.”
\par \tab“That’s right.  What changed David?  Because I want to know.”
\par \tab“Well,” Dylan replied, “I just think that if you love someone, like really love them, not just what they could be or being with them, but love \i them\i0  like you want to take care of them and make them happy, then you have to put them above everyone else in your life.”
\par \tab“Then that is what it is.”
\par \tab“Everything we had was fine.”
\par \tab“Really?”
\par \tab“Yes, really.” The man was offended by the suggestion.  He averted his eyes back out the window, asking Dylan, “You’re not David are you?”
\par \tab“I am not.”
\par \tab The man twisted uncomfortably in the seat.  Dylan’s patience was gone already.  Today was not going to be like old days.
\par \tab“So I have some big news.” Dylan said.  “You’re dead.  And, I need you to tell me why.”
\par \tab“No,” the man chuckled, trying to shake a joke out of what Dylan had intended as truth.  “That’s not it.  I just need to remember . . . where I was driving thismorning.”
\par \tab“Ok, well instead, why don’t you tell me what you did last night?”
\par \tab“After the game?”
\par \tab“Sure, after that.”\b 
\par }
