{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=576}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17860\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 Megami and Milkshakes\
By Nick Anderson
\b0 \
\
	On Sundays I like to go to a few anime or comic shops.  I\'92m not into all that superman bullshit, I only really read real stories, graphic novels.  I really like Chris Ware and his book Jimmy Corrigan, the Smartest Kid on Earth.  There\'92s even a comic on the back about how he knows the book is going to end up in the kid\'92s section, or with all the Spiderman crap.  It\'92s sad cause it actually does end up shoved in with pop up books and Batman stuff.  Anyway, everyone should read it.  Its really long but its worth your time, I promise.\
	Anyway, I\'92m in this certain mood today.  I mean, I\'92m always in the mood for something they\'92ll have there, in one of those shops, but alot of people don\'92t understand that there\'92s alot of genres and art styles to choose from.  \
	So there\'92s a shop near me that sells Megami Magazine.  Those can be hard to find - they\'92re big, glossy and expensive, cost more than a volume of manga, so I imagine they don\'92t sell well.  They\'92re definitely for a niche market.  Well, some days I am that niche market.  And this is one of those days.  \
	The place is called Animeniacs.  There\'92s always the fucking weirdest people in there, especially the poor people that run it.  Or I don\'92t know, maybe they like it.  They\'92re like the gatekeepers to nerd Mecca, I guess you\'92d have to.  Yeah, if they work here they\'92re probably the ring leaders.\
	So Animeniacs, they don\'92t sell anything by Chris Ware, its all Japanese, maybe a little Korean or Chinese, I\'92m never really sure.  They\'92ve got shelves of anime, manga, a bunch of art books and posters - they\'92ve got a bunch of music too, but none of its organized, its all in Japanese anyway, and god save you if you ask someone for help.  I was in there once and there was this guy behind the counter, a big pudgy old guy with no hair and super thick glasses.  He saw me craning my neck to try and read the CD titles, which I couldn\'92t read anyway, and was like \'93You\'92re not going to get very far unless you read Hirigana.  That\'92s the character form on most of those.\'94  \
	At first I was kind of impressed, because you don\'92t mind people being cocky if it seems like they\'92re about to help you.  But then he did the exact opposite.  I told him I was looking for \'93Nu-Chemical Rhetoric\'94, this album by Merry - that\'92s a real thing, its a great album, and I listen to it all the time but felt bad since I never paid for it.  \
	\'93Yeah, funny you should ask, that one just came in.\'94 he said.  \'93We just got that one in yesterday.\'94\
	I was psyched.\
	\'93What color is it?\'94 he asked.\
	\'93Blue-ish I think . . . with like some grey too.\'94 I replied.\
	\'93How is it spelled?\'94\
	\'93The band name?\'94 I asked.  \'93M-E-R-R-Y.  But I don\'92t know if that\'92s what it says on the CD.  I think there\'92s . . . Hirigana for it.\'94\
	\'93Ah, I know exactly where that one is.\'94 he said.  He flipped blindly through a rack of seemingly unrelated CDs.  \'93Is this it?\'94 he asked, holding one out at me, like a magician finishing a card trick.\
	\'93No, that\'92s not it.\'94 I said.	\
	\'93Oh ok, then I know which one it is.\'94  He pulled out another.  \'93This one?\'94\
	I could see what was going on, but I couldn\'92t stop this guy.  I just shook my head politely.\
	\'93Oh I found it!\'94 he said, palming his bald head like he couldn\'92t believe he had been so naive as to forget the long wooden shelf to his left.\
	\'93Wow, I found it!\'94 he said.  He handed me a CD that said \'93Merry Christmas\'94 on it.  I just looked at him.  He didn\'92t look retarded.  Maybe he was just really eager to please?  That\'92s the way alot of these people are.  I felt like he was waiting for me to clap or something.  And the worst part was, even after I told him nevermind he followed me around the store, just handing me CDs.  I was going to buy some stuff after that but I just had to leave.  I\'92m surprised he didn\'92t chase me down the street.\
	Its the same guy behind the counter when I walk in today.  He perks up when he recognizes me.  \
	\'93Hey friend!  I found that CD you were looking for this week!\'94\
	Fucking liar.  I tell him I already found a copy someplace else, and that seems to shut him off.  I was kind of happy with myself for thinking up something like that real fast, something that didn\'92t make him feel bad but still drove the point home.  I kind of pride myself on not being an asshole all the time, when it\'92s so easy.  \
	I looked around.  The whole store smells like pocky and super sweet fruity snacks and cellophane.  There\'92s all these young kids in oversized clothing and snowboard hats with animal faces stitched onto them sitting on the floor, in front of the shelves, just reading.  Like they just got tired and sat down, because who else could want to look at the R-S section today?  I wonder if they ever even thought about it, or if maybe they were doing it on purpose.\
	Anyway, I go over to the magazines and pick up the latest issue of Megami.  \
	\'93Goin Megami eh?!\'94 the old man says.  The magazines are right by the cash register but still, don\'92t start talking about what I\'92m buying before I even buy it.  I hate that.  I could be just looking, but this guy is just so excited to sell me shit.  Unfortunately I don\'92t really have anything else to look at in the store so I just say yeah and set it on the counter.  \
	\'93I\'92m a big fan of Megami too.\'94 he says.  Who said I was a big fan?\
	\'93That\'92ll be 780 yen!\'94 he says.  I laugh a little, and hand him my debit card.  \
	\'93There better be yen on here!\'94 he says.  I\'92m seriously about to choke this guy.  No wonder everyone hates people that watch anime.  \
	I finally get out of that damn store with a thin paper bag tucked under my arm.  I was in such a good mood when I got up.  That guy just makes me feel weird and desperate.  I don\'92t want to spend too much time in there, I don\'92t ever want to sit on the ground and read there, I don\'92t want to see my face reflected in those coke-bottom glasses of the crazy guy that can\'92t wait to talk to someone, just anyone.  \
	The bus isn\'92t going to come for like twenty minutes.  I feel like I always hit these weird intervals where I should have just stayed in the store for a few more minutes.  But I\'92d much rather sit on the bench anyway, its pretty pleasant outside.  It\'92s just starting to feel like spring, which is pretty nice.  The breeze isn\'92t as cold as it has been.  There\'92s a WalMart nearby so the traffic is kind of annoying but overall the bus stop has this very peaceful feeling.  I hear that there\'92s a park near here, I think maybe I should go there and sit in the breeze for a while.  I pull out the magazine and start having a look.\
	So this is where it gets weird.  This milkshake comes walking towards me.  Whoever it is, they\'92re in this giant foam cup with just a few tiny holes poked in a circle pattern where the face should be, and a big dollop of chocolate swirl coming out of the top of the cup.  They\'92ve even got big cartoon gloves on.  I\'92m hoping they\'92re just going to walk past me, but no, this milkshake has places to go.  It sits down beside me, and man, it takes up at least half the bench.  I don\'92t really pay attention to it, keep flipping through the magazine.  \
	\'93Whatcha readin there?\'94 the milkshake says, just out of nowhere.  I turn and see all its breathing holes facing me.  \
	\'93Megami.\'94 I say.  \'93This magazine.\'94  I wasn\'92t too offended or anything, it asked in a really friendly tone.  I like meeting people at bus stops and weird places like that too, but the timing was just bad for me. \
	\'93It\'92s really colorful.\'94 it said.  \'93Sorry, just like - grabbed my attention.\'94\
	\'93Naw, no worries.\'94 I could tell the way I reacted made them feel like they was spying on me, which he was but whatever.\
	\'93Lots of girls in it?\'94 the milkshake asked.\
	See, this is why I don\'92t like going to that anime store, why I don\'92t like people talking to me like I\'92m a big fan of Megami.  Nobody gets it.  \
	\'93Yeah,\'94 I explain, \'93Well, the name means \'91goddess\'92 in Japanese.\'94\
	The milkshake kind of rumples so its breathing holes are pointed at the magazine.  It seems very inquisitive about the whole matter, like it\'92s never seen anything like it before.  I guess that doesn\'92t really surprise me.\
	\'93Are they all that young?\'94 it asks.\
	\'93No, not all of them,\'94 I say, starting to flip through the pages.  All of a sudden I feel like I\'92ve got to defend myself, like Chris Hansen is going to pop out of this milkshake.  \'93See, these girls are older.\'94\
	\'93How can you tell?\'94  it asked.  It tilted its holes around a bit to scan the page.\
	\'93Well, I guess its hard because they\'92re all cute.  I mean, like, a general cuteness.\'94\
	The milkshake seemed kind of confused, but interested, which doesn\'92t usually happen.  So I start explaining stuff.  \
	\'93See, \'94  I turn to a page where there\'92s some pencil character sketches, \'93See how she\'92s a little taller than the other girls, but looks alot like that one?  She\'92s her mom.\'94\
	\'93How can you tell?!\'94 the milkshake chuckled again.  \'93Its in Japanese right?\'94\
	\'93I know, but if you look at it you get it.  They make it that way.  See, all the drawings are so well designed, I mean they spend so much time breaking things down into forms and shapes, they communicate things to you without having to spell them out.\'94\
	I point to a big glossy picture of this girl holding a bass guitar.\
	\'93See her eyes?\'94 I ask.  \'93And the dark hair?  She\'92s a straight kind of person.  Scrutinizing, you know, likes to keep things in order, but\'92s really all squishy inside like Jello.\'94\
	\'93You watch that one?\'94 the milkshake asks.\
	\'93Naw.  I don\'92t watch any of them.\'94 I say.\
	\'93What do you read this for then?\'94  it asks.  Logical question.\
	\'93I don\'92t know,\'94  I said.  \'93Like I was saying about, the good design and the communicating things.\'94  I point to the girl with the guitar.  \'93I just - I feel like I get this girl.  This face she\'92s making, and then again over here -\'94  I point to a series of head portraits for her, \'93I just understand.\'94	  \
	I know this awkward silence.\
	\'93I\'92m not going to jack off to it, if that\'92s what you\'92re thinking.\'94 I clarify.  \'93It\'92s not like that.  Maybe to you its like that, that girls only appear in magazines like that.  Most people think that, it\'92s not your problem.\'94\
	\'93No, its not like that to me.\'94\
	\'93Well, like I said, they\'92re explaining things - a person.  She\'92s not a real person,\'94 I say, pointing at this girl in the magazine, in case this milkshake thought I was teetering on the deep end, \'93but she\'92s been drawn by a real person.  There\'92s something authentic about it.  Someone who knows someone like that, or something, and that\'92s why he draws her like this.  Those big, skeptical eyebrows.  There\'92s people like that out there.\'94\
	\'93And that\'92s why you read this?\'94 it asks.\
	I nod a little bit.  \'93Something like that.  I mean,\'94\
	I don\'92t know what I\'92m saying.  All of a sudden it\'92s like I\'92m starring in those coke-bottle glasses again.\
	\'93Do you think that makes me desperate?\'94  I ask.  \'93To want to, maybe, meet people in here?  This way?\'94\
	The milkshake paused and stared into the page\'92s giant, inky eyes.\
	\'93Naw.\'94 it said.  \'93Like, I\'92m only talking to you because I\'92m dressed as a milkshake right now.  I never talk to people at bus stops.  I can\'92t.\'94\
	I nod.  \'93The milkshake helps?\'94\
	\'93Yeah\'94 it says.  I get it.  That milkshake was a fucking nice guy, or girl.  I kind of wish I would have gotten its number or something before it squeezed its way onto the 25E.  Then again, if I was capable of that I wouldn\'92t be reading Megami and they wouldn\'92t be dressed as a milkshake.  But I guess that\'92s life for ya.}
