{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\lang1033\b\fs22 My Time in Service\b0 
\par 
\par I saw you eyeing my medal there, did you father ever tell you about how I won that?  Figures, you’re a bit young and that’s not his story to tell anyway.  Its not a story any man should have to tell but that fact that it exists is testemant to the fact that as men sometimes we do.  Can you read the engraving?  That medal was awarded to me in 2011 for Excellence in Ex-Avoidance in a State of Inebriation.
\par 
\par It was a dark, cold night in January.  Me and my friends were camped at a table at the Park Tavern, near the back, good visibility.  See, we knew she was coming, we just didn’t know when.  My buddies Jeff and Tyler were there with me, they were good men but tired, hell we all were in those days, and I can’t say I made the situation any better.  I was a nervous wreck.  I was three drinks in already, barely seven o’clock.  I’d peeled the label off my Harp Lager and left it in scraps that the barmaids brushed off onto used plates as they walked by.  
\par 
\par We had thought that by eight maybe we were safe, when we saw the door swing.  Tyler leaned and clinked my glass, our sign.  It was begining.
\par 
\par The only empty chair was across from me.  It was poor strategy.  Already I began to doubt my fortitude as she took off her jacket, smiled, and said “Hey!”
\par 
\par I was in over my head, I could feel it.  But the key is, and I’ll tell you this again when you hit puberty - you never let your enemy see your fear.  Not even when your back’s against a wall, not even when you’ve seen her kissing some statuesque accountant and the best you’ve done is an akward echange of drinks with a short pet groomer that doesn’t have half the legs of this girl, who’s breasts are merely - well, you can see why your father hasn’t told you this one yet.  It’s gruesome out there.  You get that white-washed version of it on the television, in movies, and they make it look so black and white, so complete and conclusive  - you don’t realize until you’re on the field that your whole conception of this war is imaginary.  
\par 
\par It’d been a week since we'd slept together.  I wasn’t proud of it.  A month and a half since the actual breakup, two weeks since another man had had his tongue down her throat, there we were rolling around in my sheets.  It had felt like a victory at the time, and maybe it was, in some way.  But it’s a small one, one that only hurts your cause, as well as yourself.  I had lost ground that night.  We were here to win it back.
\par 
\par Tyler started by initiating an intense conversation about her new appartment, sucking her out of my line of fire and sequestering her in a safe, observable rant about her roomate.  The man was a master, I tell you what, no greater man have I ever had the pleasure of serving beside.  Meanwhile Jeff, our blunt artillary specialist, made sudden and awkard outburts that cloaked my location as I did reconisince around the table.  It was there that I had made an amazing discovery that turned the night in our favor.  
\par 
\par At the other end of the table sat Adam, notorious conspiritor with the lady in question.  Just weeks after we’d parted ways she’d latched onto him like a koala to a tree branch, had taken him to my office Christmas party, had drug him back up to a hotel room at the end of the night in front of me and everyone.  Christ.  You know the visuals never wear off; I still see that slinky grey dress dissapearing into the distance with that bearded monster fiddling his hands around her waist.  I’d assumed the worst ever since, and from the intelligence my team had collected it seemed I had ever reason too.  But now Adam sat with his arm around a dark-haired stranger, and as he twiddled a strand of her hair I felt a rush of confidence, of that warrior’s spirit.  She was drinking a double vodka tonic, her hands trembled as she lifted to her lips - how had I not noticed it before?!  Me and Tyler made eye contact briefly and a laid my palm flat in the air, the universal symbol for the upper hand.  He nodded.  I was confident in calling off the alert.  I really believed we were safe.
\par 
\par You’re never safe.  Remember that.  Because on the battlefield, your enemy is not the only source of harm, the only thing you should be afraid of.  I was six drinks in.  The atmosphere was almost celebratory when we locked eyes after a long night of avoiding it.  We were both drunk.  We could tell because we knew this about eachother, we were familiar enough to see every flaw and weakness, and I could tell that without the slightest warning we were now about to attack these parts, to pull until someone yelled uncle.  I was ready.  
\par 
\par “You called me a bitch in front of Laura.” she started.  “I don’t even know her.  And now she hates me, because of what you’ve told her.”
\par 
\par It was mano y mano, hand to hand.  She wanted blood.
\par 
\par “I said it was a joke then, I’ll say it again now.  I'm done having this conversation, you can believe me or not, its not my problem.”
\par 
\par “You embarrased me.  You put me into an awkward position.”
\par 
\par “\i I\i0  put \i YOU \i0 in an awkward position?  Are we really having \i this \i0 discussion?”
\par 
\par “When did I ever put \i YOU\i0  in an awkard positon?”
\par 
\par “\i WHEN THE FUCK DO YOU THINK?\i0”
\par 
\par I didn’t care that the whole bar was watching us now.  I had made a direct hit.  Her and Adam shared a brief moment of eye contact that they both shrugged off as nonchalantly as possible, one that I knew Adam’s new girl would be asking about later.  
\par 
\par “. . . Well I'm sorry.  If I ever put you in an akward position.”
\par 
\par I just took another deep swig out of my mug.
\par 
\par “I hate fighting with you, you know that right?” she stirred her drink, passively glaring at a television screen, adressing it instead of me.  “I just don’t know what to do.”
\par 
\par “You think I do?  I'm trying to make this work too.  But if we're just going to be friends, and like - \i really\i0  mean it now - I just don’t know if we should see each other for a while.”
\par 
\par She let out a deep sigh. “”
\par 
\par 
\par Now in these stories, an important fact always seems to get lost.  We stack them so heavily in piles of wins and losses, of good and bad.  There was a medal given, and I deserved it, but there was no winners.  Of that I assure you.  One of the last memories I have of that night was standing to leave, and saying goodbye to everyone at our table; that is, everyone except her.  I just gazed right past her, but as my eyes passed over hers, what I saw in them was not the souless glare of the enemy, of a foriegn war machine that fought unjustly for a demon’s cause - what I saw were pale, watery human eyes, the way they looked when it had started to rain the day we parked our bikes too far away from the library, the way they looked when she yawned in the morning when she’d just woken up, tiny streaks of moisture breaking upon her eye crystals like icebergs . . . you should know, when you get to my age, you realize that no one fights to hurt another person, they fight to protect themselves.  Trust me when I tell you that no one wants to hurt you.  They just want to keep from getting hurt themselves.  Some of us are good at it, some of us aren’t.  And some of us get medals.
\par }
