{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sl0\slmult1\cf1\highlight0\lang1033\fs22 Poem of Maturity
\par 
\par You know, I enjoyed having you at my birthday,
\par though I’m glad he didn’t come
\par I’ve heard nothing but good things and I suppose that makes it better, not worse
\par not that you’d ever put up with anyone any different,
\par Like you’d never accept the care I try to give,
\par Because not every princess needs rescuing.
\par I'm sorry I grabbed your ass.  I’m sorry I said fuck you.  I was drunk, and,
\par honestly I thought that maybe once for old time’s sake we'd fall into bed
\par and feign love like we used to, but,
\par I hear he's a great guy
\par And I know I should meet him
\par I will
\par Just not yet.
\par 
\par There’s a waiting period you don’t know about
\par Not X months since we slept together,
\par Not X days since a peck goodnight, 
\par There’s X moments til I can stand the thought of you with someone else
\par And that can’t be tallied off, they can’t be counted down.
\par They happen one day, and the next, poof.
\par 
\par I’ll keep track though.
\par I’ll let you know the exact moment the moments stop,
\par the instances when I catch your eye and a part of me becomes warm,
\par when we brush arms accidentaly and my hairs stand on end,
\par When I think about you, stoned in my bed, you skin in my memory as real as the last time we touched, when your frame stretched in lanky ribbons across the double mattress
\par I should stop myself
\par The details don’t help and 
\par I hear he's great
\par And I'm happy
\par Legitimately happy
\par And I want the next phase to be,
\par Good, maybe better
\par than the first
\par Its a hard thing to stomach on five shots of Jameson
\par my drunk eyes see you even more beautiful with each sip,
\par A tipsy halo pulsating around you like God’s finger pointing to the promise land
\par And you can't blame me really,
\par For the grabbing and the fuck-you,
\par And when I sit back down I'm feel stupid and small
\par And I feel that first sting of defeat
\par Knowing, not just thinking, that this,
\par this is over.
\par And for the first time I recognize it as majesty,
\par as quality,
\par as something that transcends the childish lust that brought us together.
\par 
\par You know, you still glow
\par even when I sober up.
\par I see it in every picture,
\par Every time we meet
\par And I hear he's great, but
\par If I could, once before I conceed,
\par See you though his eyes and make sure that glow is there,
\par Just to be certain but
\par I hear he's great
\par So I’m sure he sees it, Just
\par Don’t settle for someone who doesn’t, ok?
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }
