{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=2411}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 This Town Doesn\'92t Need Two Doctors\
By Nick Anderson
\b0 \
\
	The intersection was barren, snowy and void of trees, houses, or anything of varying color or texture to seperate the eggshell sky from the fields that lined the roads.  The car was in park, the turn signal on, and Molly, she was leaning against the wheel, her sleeve up on the dash, wet with condensation.\
	The road Molly had intended to turn on to was a narrow two way that lead from town to a host of new subdivisions that were close to the lake but twenty miles away from the nearest grocery store.  She wiped fog from the inside of her windshield with her sleeve.\
	Molly had parked at the stopsign because there was never traffic, on either street, especially at this time of the day, and her stupid heater wasn\'92t going hard enough and she couldn\'92t see a thing anyway, so she thought she would put on some lipstick.  Molly looked at herself in the rearview mirror.  \
	She was, she thought, at an age and maturity level that seemed appealing, an age she had looked forward too, but was being let down by somehow.  It was like it came at the wrong time of her life.  She thought about it alot.\
	She was definitely at the right age for lipstick.  When she was younger it looked strange on her, she could tell she was too young for it despite wanting to wear it so badly, all her friends already carrying all sorts of colors and flavors with them.  Big dangly, noisy keychains.  She was the only girl in middle school whose lips were made of flesh and not some fruity substitute.  She had had nothing to smear on the lips of prospective boys at the dance that ended at nine o\'92clock.  \
	The lipstick did not work now though, assuming it was ever going to yield results.  It was not her age, there were other reasons.  Molly thought of them and tried each one on like a winter coat, like a friend\'92s arm, but none fit, and she knew herself to be insincere.  The boys and men at the dance hall looked at her strangely.  There was many of them and only one of her, so statistically speaking, but they were not like the boys that had once wanted to dance with her to slow R&B hits in the darkened gym.  She thought this about almost everyone.  Still these boys, and the girls they did dance with, were different.  Like two piece puzzles, their fingers aching from lack of wedding band they snapped together like magnets as parents, relatives made sighs of relief and pointed to them discretely from across the dance floor.  \
	Molly had not come with parents or relatives.  She told everyone how she had moved here for work.  They cupped her hand gently and led her around the still lit fellowship hall.  She did not know it was going to be in a church.  Were they called churches?  She could not remember.  She knew very little about the space she was occupying.  She knew very little about the people she was spinning in circles with.  She was handled differently, she could feel it.  Not bad, just different.  Separate.  \
	She had not worn lipstick.\
	They seemed like people that did not wear lipstick.  But when she got there some of them were, some of them weren\'92t.  That\'92s not what was different.  She just wanted to discover the differences and cover them up, before anyone could notice, but they were not things that could be hidden, it appeared.  They knew right away.  She was trying to be insincere.  She was trying to be something that people appreciated, someone that men wanted to dance with.  But as if the result of drawing straws she was politely lead around the floor by three men, silently, dutifully, and as people began to trickle out of the room, with printed cards of phone numbers and contact information, she knew herself to be alone still.  To be separate.  To be insincere.  To be insincere and still not right, still not wanted.  She was almost too old, she could feel it.  Not old - at an age and maturity level that seemed appealing, an age she had looked forward too, but it was still not right.\
	She hated this place, she knew this now.  She should have realized it earlier because now it was pointless.  Separate here would be forever, just like in her old town, just like in the next.\
	She stepped out of the car, into the snow.  Her soft brown boots, not the kind you use for snow, began to soak up moisture as she stepped into a field - over the little wire fence, gracefully.  She walked out to where no footsteps lie, where no animal or person had stepped all winter, until she could no longer see the street.  Just white.  Here, she began to dance.\
	First like she had a partner.  Her hand cupping an invisible lead, she stepped rhythmically in the soft pat of snow flakes to a tune she thought she remembered from some song a long time ago.  With her other hand she began to remove the long decorative scarf that had been dragging in the snow, threw it aside.  The overcoat too, was limiting the movement of her arms as her partner dipped and twirled her.  \
	She knew there was no partner.  She removed her left boot, then the right.  The stockings with the subtle paisley pattern that looked so good on the hanger, fun but classy, like she thought herself to be.  She unbuttoned the top button of the sweater wrap that she had seen on the other women, the ones that were easy to find in the stores, the buttons of the dress, and she twirled as her shoulders set themselves free and met with the cold winter air.  Molly let the dress slide off, the ugly thing that seemed so appropriate, until blotches of clothes dotted the ground behind her like the end of sentences.  She pirouetted, touched the lips that looked neither right with lipstick or without, and removed them, tearing from the corners, and like the skin of an orange around and around she peeled off the rest of her face, up to the top of her head, finally removing the long black hair that never grew out the way it was supposed to.  Down her arms, like a letter opener, the skin broke in an even line if you moved fast enough - came off easily, from around the tiny bones inside her hand, the callouses gone.  Her breasts, her torso, her thighs, they slid off in even layers, down to the cold, cold bones - the bones as white as snow, the hard structure, the frame of it all.  With a mighty shake she dislodged a few smaller, less essential ones, then her whole left leg - the bones separated and lost themselves and their neighbors of all these year in asymmetrical indentations soon to be filled by the still-falling snow.  The jaw unhinged last.  No more explanations.  Molly watched it sink into the soft powder, for a moment, before taking a bow; a showy, gracious one, like you know I deserve it so clap, and in response the snow beat its tiny hands as hard as it could.}
