{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=6494, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww16260\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Comeback\
\
Before I talk about our last game, I\'92d like to touch on the concept of user experience, as it relates to the game of dodgeball.  Often abbreviated as UX, user-exerperince is a set of three basic elements that makes a website happy - Information Architecture (IA), Aesthetics, and Usability.\
\
Information architecture is pretty straightforward  - websites operate under the same governing principles as buildings.  It doesn\'92t matter how cool the observation deck of your neo-gothic high-rise is going to be if the first three stories are made out of cardboard boxes and staples.  \
\
Usability and aesthetics comprise the front end of user experience, and go hand in hand - they determine the way you, the end user, interact with the site.  Good usability means that the site takes as little contemplation as possible to operate - being able to know what text is a link, what a given button will do, where you\'92ll find the information you\'92re looking for - these are all part of a highly-detailed science incorporating equal parts programming and psychology.  \
\
Aesthetics ensure that the site is as easy on the eyes as on the mind.  Done well, graphics, photography, and color can be used to enhance the site\'92s overall UX, as well as increase the credibility of the website.  Usability and Aesthetics perform a sort of balancing act together - too much one way and you\'92ve got a glossy art piece that\'92s impossible to use.  Too much the other, and people are liable to be turned away or to lose trust in your site.  \
\
I know what you\'92re thinking; those paragraphs were pretty long, and if you wanted to hear a nerd chirp excitedly about technical knowledge you would call HP\'92s tech support and ask them to explain difference between netbooks and notebooks (Do this, it makes their day.  Surprisingly, they will not just say \'93they\'92re smaller\'94).  So I drew this chart to summarize:\
\
(happywebsite.jpg goes here)\
\
Now, as you can see,  all three of these elements are crucial to creating a happy website.  Fall short on one of them, and you\'92re liable to create a website that could be anywhere from completely unusable to just sort of awkward in social situations.  If you think I\'92ve oversimplified these concepts, you\'92re right.  But let me remind you that this blog is actually about dodgeball.\
\
After the last game\'92s less than desired outcome, we were desperate to find the flaw in our execution.  In the interim, fate had failed to deliver us the dodgeball messiah we had hoped for - James would be playing this week, and he was very tall, but if anything this would just make him easier to hit.  At a loss for what to do, we naturally we turned to the UX model, the only real standard we had for measured improvement.  We looked at ourselves carefully.  \
\
Our Information Architecture looked alright.  Well, at least as good as it could be for dodgeball.  As discussed in the last blog, there\'92s not alot of information to organize.  Throw, dodge, don\'92t trip or hit people in the face.  We had picked up a few tips from the opposing team last week that would be useful (that is, besides reckless use of steroids and some sort of pact with the devil), but still the sum of our knowledge could be written legibly on a notecard.\
\
So next we turned to the issue of team usability.  I know what you\'92re thinking, that I probably conceived this metaphor without thinking it through all the way, and now I\'92ve painted myself into a corner.  You\'92d argue that dodgeball teams aren\'92t websites, now matter how similar they may appear.  And while I\'92d be apt to agree with you for the most part, we shared one very common factor - \
\
1 Pixel Off needed redesign.  \
\
A design in general, to be precise.  Sure, we had been full of gusto and youthful ambition, but up to this point, our attire, our whole brand had been as plain and lifeless as Jakob Nielsen\'92s website (if you understood that joke, please send us your resume).  How were we expected to be taken seriously when half of our team was wearing sweatpants they had cut into shorts for some reason?  No matter how much we practiced, no matter now coordinated we became, we still looked like our team had been arbitrarily assembled by a dice roll.  We were laughable and unorganized.  We were putting the Enterprise Network to shame.\
\
No more!  We would coordinate.  We would intimidate.  We would rise a fiery phoenix from the gym floor, a new team that we could be proud of.  We began work immediately.  We assembled comps, discussed typefaces.  We needed something bold, something that said \'93champions\'94 (figuratively).  Champions do not need to explain themselves.  They do not have to explain to referees who is on their team.  Champions just say \'93Everyone who looks dangerous.\'94  \
\
And Champions we were, as we took to the floor that evening, emblazoned with the most definitive graphical upgrade to ever grace a dodgeball field:\
\
(some sort of team picture goes here)\
\
\
Across from us stood a callow group of twentysomethings with seemingly nothing in common but their innate desire to lose.  Their clothes ran the gambit from baggy sweats to some girl in jeans.  Jeans?  Was that a joke?  Their looks said it all - they weren\'92t ready for this.\
\
This would be a good time to return to our previous discussion about User Experience.  Now, some people will tell you that Aesthetics is purely cosmetic, and has no bearing on the actual effectiveness of a website.  After all, the web is an ugly place, filled with half-hearted designs that seem to get by just fine.  You could easily keep the status quo on accident.  But this is exactly where sites with finesse really shine.  Good design commands authority.  \
\
Just ask last\'92s week\'92s opposing team.  Using a method derived from pervasive computing we were able to keep an accurate measurement of each element of dodgeball, the same way we would a website.  I\'92m going to spare the details and just give you the chart for this one:\
\
(totalannihilation.jpg goes here)\
\
I hope that sums it up.  1PXOFF swept their second game, winning all four matches necessary, including three games afterwards to really rub it in.  I know I didn\'92t really work usability into this metaphor, but for the record, we watched some video footage of the game on the Tobii Eye Tracking machine, and were able to determine that 60% of users were immediately drawn to our awe-inspiring prowess, and 30% to our rugged good looks (10% just kept rewinding to the part where some kid on the other team got hit in the face). \
\
So what awaits us?  Will our next opponent fall with the same ease?  Or is there another ONE SHOT ONE KILL lurking in our future?  It is too early to say (they haven\'92t posted this week\'92s roster yet), but no matter what is in store, we face each game with renewed confidence and more solid foundations.  We ask that you keep us in your hearts and minds as forge endlessly onwards.  }