{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=5446}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17940\viewkind1\viewscale124
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs26 \cf0 1 Pixel Off: Zen and the Art of Dodgeball
\b0 \
\
Ok guys, let\'92s talk about this.  \
\
Yes, I\'92m talking to you, teammates.  I know you\'92re reading these too.  I have set up a new branch on Vision Project entitled \'93Dodgeball\'94, and assigned you all a ticket entitled \'93EXPLANATION PLEASE\'94.  You\'92ll notice that the due date is last Thursday - see, if I could just have the reasons why we were collectively plotting our demise by then, perhaps we could all avoid any further public disgrace.\
\
We had uniforms guys.  We had tenacity, wow-factor.  Yet we marched onto that dodgeball court, and for forty-five minutes physically insisted that the other team destroy not only our record, but our dignity.\
\
Maybe that was a bit harsh.  After all, we were blighted by a few unforeseen circumstances.  There was the pandemic cold that disabled at least four of our players (perhaps planted by the last team?  Active\'92s lab technician says its still too early to tell), knocking us to two below the recommended team size.  And in unfortunate symmetry, our opponents managed to recruit what appeared to be a small village in their favor.  From the beginning we stood there like an improper fraction, counting the opposing team - is that really what ten people look like?  Are those guys on the left playing?  How many subs did they bring?  It was the Dodgeball incarnation of Legion.  With each ball they caught, a clawing mass of flesh attempted to push out only one person from the sidelines, while the rest laughed and cheered heartily like hell through a reverb pedal.  \
\
Once again, we had a crisis of self confidence.  \
	\
\'93Get changed so we can lose.\'94 Kristal greeted me as I entered the gym.  I was a bit late - parking had been a nightmare, I had needed to borrow quarters from a stranger - but I had made it, we had made it, the eight of us that had survived the office plague.  Come to think of it, a zombie movie is another good metaphor for the night\'92s events.\
\
Yet I am not going to blame the small team, the large team, or the prophetic bad attitude for this defeat.  No, what ruined our chances was a much more subtle slap to the face, the proverbial insult to our injury - these guys had strategy.\
\
Not \'93don\'92t get hit by the ball\'94 strategy, but real, chess-like contemplation.  They rationed their destruction like a timed sprinkler head - a little here, a little there, until the whole lawn was soaked; while we gushed emphatically like a garden hose.  \
\
Now, if you want to develop a strategy, there is one person to talk to at Active Website - Cody.  As our SEO guru, Cody has mild pre-cognitive abilities that allow him to pull page rankings, site statistics, and Keyword Effectiveness Indexes without looking; often before his morning, afternoon, and evening coffee.  I imagine the inside of his head to be a deluge of informational anarchy, yet despite this he exudes a soft spoken, zen exterior not unlike a Buddhist priest.\
\
\'93You wanted to discuss our strategy?\'94 he asks me, his words drifting around the room like dandelion seeds.  It is dark inside Cody\'92s office; the glow from his desktop monitors, ticking silently various algorithms and graphs, illuminate a tea cup in his right hand.  He takes a sip, clears his throat.  \
\
\'93I have seen our team.\'94  he says.  \'93We know nothing of strategy.\'94\
\
\'93I know.\'94  I respond.  \'93I have come to learn.  Please Cody,\'94 I beg, \'93Teach us.\'94\
\
I can hear him swivel slightly in his bright red office chair, rustling papers.  After a long pause, he begins to speak.\
\
\'93The world of dodgeball is not unlike the world of SEO.\'94 he explains.  \'93Good luck is the result of good planning.\'94\
\
He hands me a fortune cookie slip.  No joke, this really happened.  Cody is so zen it hurts sometimes.\
\
\'93I got this in November of last year, when I was planning out our SEO schedule for 2010.\'94 he says.  \'93So far its been right.\'94\
\
On the fortune is written this exact phrase, only in all caps, making the implications seem more severe.  GOOD LUCK IS THE RESULT OF GOOD PLANNING!\
\
\'93Take the world of information.\'94 Cody explains.  \'93Of keywords.  Say you have a hundred keywords you\'92d like to target.  You can\'92t take them all, you\'92re outnumbered.  You must pick your battles, rationalize what is possible.\'94 he explains. \'93The supreme excellence is not to win a hundred victories in a hundred battles. The supreme excellence is to subdue the armies of your enemies without even having to fight them.  Lao Tzu said that.\'94\
\
\'93But what does this mean, Cody?\'94 I ask him.\
\
\'93For SEO, it means working intelligently.\'94 he continues.  \'93You target keywords you care the most about, not all of them.  You don\'92t battle page rankings with brute force, with duplicate content and brash anger - you link information, you sow deep fields of keyword-rich content, and most importantly,\'94 he says, pointing to a Google Analytics statistics page, \'93You wait.  Patience in the key.  Like a rubber plant, what is small today will one day cast shadows upon that which was inpatient, unplanned.\'94  \
\
Ah, if only Cody could throw.  At the time, that seems alot more important.  But as I turn to walk away, he stops me.\
\
\'93Its not too late Nick.  But you mustn\'92t rely solely on the power of your strength, even of your heart.  These things will only take you so far.\'94\
\
\'93I know.\'94 I say.  As I return to the bustling, well-lit office, our conversation lingers in my mind, like the ghosts of sentences  that remain on classroom chalkboards even after they\'92ve been erased.}