{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=11487}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28400\viewh17900\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 SubChapter 1 - Erin\'92s Last Day of Childhood\
\
	Erin was staring at the grass.  A dirty mesh beneath her flip-flopped feet, her toes poking out the sides, the sharp dying blades tickling the soft pads of her feet.  She knew she should remove her shoes.  It would hurt at first, but that was the only way to build the callouses necessary for sporadic summer play.  One could not be trifled with flip flops should the need to sprint arise; and in such cases you might find yourself covering white hot pavement, so hot the hard black rocks turn spongey and indent with each step.  You could be traversing the prickly lawns of negligent neighbors, who\'92s weed-to-grass ratio was so even that every vote would end in a tie and some great debacle.  Then there were the trees, the sprawling oaks that acted as an organic bridge, a suspended walkway, whose harsh brown bark bit at your feet while you scaled their massive arched backs, the frozen dragons soaring through each back yard and circling each house like ancient spires.\
	They weren\'92t supposed to walk on the roof.  Not only was it dangerous, John had once stuck a rough landing by pushing his foot through the roofing tiles and into the garage.  Now they crept as silent warriors when then need arose, which was most days, as the trees connected between Erin\'92s front yard and John\'92s backyard in perfect symmetry.  \
	Erin removed her flip flops and walked slowly, carefully, across the angry grass, the seeming miles until at last she groped the trunk of the oak in her front yard.  It rose in dramatic spirals above the quaint two story house, wrapping like a terrace around the front, above the garage, at eye level with Erin\'92s bedroom window.  \
	It was the best house.  It was blue with white trim, but a grey blue, a mysterious color, one that stood out from the browns and tans of the rest of the neighborhood.  Each house sat like brick and wooden teeth, deep in the ground, settled over decades.  Erin sat on the tree bark terrace, taking stock of the sleepy suburb streets that, so early on a summer Saturday morning, were beginning to tick to life.  In the distance she could hear dogs barking and screen doors opening and shutting.  The heat and humidity hung to the places and people here like tired children, and in doing so also defined the place - the orange summer hung low and was its own sort of National Monument.  \
	Down her street, the opposite direction of the cul-de-sac, Erin could see faintly in the distance the Brownie Pan, as it was called.  It was a large grassy park that inexplicably sunk into the ground like a brownie pan, nearly 30 feet, whose base was lined with half a dozen soccer fields marked with grass painted white and fixed, net-less goal posts.  The dramatic slopes encasing the fields provided some of the most exhilarating bike riding in the entire town, though everyone knew it was a little dangerous, and had been the source of more than a few broken ankles.  \
	Erin hopped carefully from the branch to the small section of slanted roof in front of her window, and re-entered it in a dramatic swan dive onto her bed, which if anything had been over-practiced most mornings while her mom was still making breakfast.  She brushed the leaves out of her hair, slowed her breathing to appear as though she had just awoken and had not been crawling through windows and across trees, and delicately went downstairs.  \
	Her mother was facing the stove, stirring eggs in a large pan with a wooden spoon, adding cheese.  Her dad sat on the couch dissecting a paper and purging it of the uninteresting parts.  He had set the comics on the back of the couch, so she would know where to find them.  Erin grabbed them and scooted a wooden chair out at the kitchen table, her back to a massive window into the backyard.  Outside more oak trees lined the back fence, but the view was currently half obscured by a large blue tent.  Each summer Erin\'92s father would erect the massive, family size compilation of iron bars and frayed blue tapestry, the end result occupying a good third of the already massive backyard.  He wanted him and Erin to camp out in it.  Erin did not like sleeping outside.  It felt unnatural and the sounds of the night kept her awake; the rustling always getting closer, and then stopping, and then starting again.  \
	Erin skidded the chair closer and closer to the table by moving her legs with a motion like swinging.  The sound on the linoleum alerted her mother that Erin had arrived.\
	\'93How\'92d you sleep honey?\'94 she asked.  \'93You want some eggs?\'94  \
	She had already made some as an extension of some motherly intuition.  Erin said yes and thanked her, and as her mother placed the steaming eggs before her on a Disney Princess plate she began to read on about a boy who was seeking psychiatric help at a lemonade stand.\
	Erin\'92s father made his way to the table, taking the seat looking into the back yard.  He asked if she wanted to sleep in the tent tonight, and Erin said no.  \
	\'93You sure?\'94 he asked.  \'93Let\'92s see today is . . . June 16th.  This is essential summer Erin.\'94\
	Erin\'92s father was a strange, kind man.  At most he could be accused of being unable to understand Erin\'92s motives for happiness; still he never paused in his reckless, misdirected pursuit of it.  He was lanky and tall with a beard that was scraggly brown-white; he pulled at the short, half-trimmed hairs as he though.\
	\'93We could put a mattress in there.\'94\
	\'93Erin, if you don\'92t want to camp, you don\'92t have to camp.\'94 Erin\'92s mother called from the stove.  \
	\'93I wasn\'92t making her.\'94 Erin\'92s father called back.  \'93You don\'92t have to if you don\'92t want to.\'94 He conferred to Erin.  \'93I just always loved camping when I was your age.\'94\
	\'93Erin\'92s not a camper.\'94 Erin\'92s mother said.  \'93Erin, I always hated camping.\'94\
	Erin\'92s mother was tall and slender as well, with dark black hair.  It had a slight curl to it which Erin did not inherit, a twist of defiant confidence to it, Erin thought.  \
	\'93Fair enough!\'94 Erin\'92s father conceded, good-natured but still with the ache of a minor defeat, \'93But I\'92m not going to have time to take it down today.\'94\
	Erin\'92s mother rolled her eyes at the skillet of eggs.\
\
	The trees outside began to rustle. \
	\'93Erin, I think you have a visitor.\'94  Erin\'92s father said.  As Erin turned a pudgy boy fell from a low hanging limb  the center of the backyard.  \'93I\'92m telling you, that boy is to large to be crawling around in those trees.\'94\
	\'93He\'92s surprisingly agile.\'94 Erin\'92s mother contested, as the boy stood and began to brush himself clean.  Approaching the fence, he hiked himself up upon the pointed wooden stakes, as the McAfee family cringed in anticipation of painful failure.  Yet the boy put one sneaker, then the second, on the inch-wide, jagged surface of their privacy fence.  Teetering back and forth, he grabbed hold of another branch above his head and disappeared into the foliage like an over-ripe squirrel.  The McAfees continued their breakfast as the branches shook violently in a linear path to their house.  Finally the boy reemerged, sliding down a tree trunk in the corner of the yard, only ten feet closer to the house.  He removed the remnants of leaves from his hair and straightened his Batman tshirt as he approached the McAfee\'92s back door, knocking politely.  \
	Erin watched with a smile as the boy stood patiently, undeterred at the door, like a royal palace guard.  \
	\'93Don\'92t make him wait Erin, he\'92ll stand there all day.\'94  Erin\'92s mother said.\
	Finally Erin hopped up and opened the door.\
	\'93Hello Chubs!\'94 she said warmly.  \'93Are you ready?\'94\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
SubChapter 2 - Tunnels\
\
	\'93Aw, I told you I don\'92t want be called Chubs.\'94 the boy explained.  \'93John\'92s a perfectly suitable name, so says my mom.\'94\
	Erin laughed.  They sat on a mighty branch on the side of the house, hovering above the gate to Erin\'92s back yard. \'93But Chubs is a name 
\i I\'92m
\i0  giving you.  It\'92s 
\i special
\i0 .\'94\
	Chubs shook his head.  \'93Well I get that.\'94 he conceded.  \'93You sure its not to be mean?\'94\
	\'93Never!\'94 Erin retorted, a little offended.  \'93I\'92m 
\i calling
\i0  you that because I don\'92t like that I have to share a name with everyone else who knows you.  People you don\'92t even know get to call you John.  That\'92s not fair.\'94\
	Chubs nodded though he did not understand.\
	\'93So what\'92d your mom say?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93Same thing.\'94  Chubs replied.  \'93I didn\'92t tell her a lie or anything, but she still doesn\'92t like me and you getting around together.  She says you and your family aren\'92t right in your hearts.\'94\
	The two jumped down from the branches, into Erin\'92s back yard, where a red wagon sat.\
	\'93I don\'92t even know what that\'92s supposed to mean.\'94 Chubs explained.  \'93Says I\'92m too young.\'94\
	The routine was familiar by now.  Erin ran into the house and grabbed three pre-packaged Rice Krispy treats and some assorted fruit from the bowl on the kitchen counter.  Today, an orange and a banana.  When Erin returned Chubs was fiddling with a compass attached to his neck by a nylon strap.\
	For years, Chubs and Erin had held dominion over the neighborhood.  The other children saw them as a sort of figure head, a joint hierophant; they were older, they were the prophets of next school year and the summer-after-this.  Their kingdom had been an oak tree, their castle the highest branch.  Now the other children watched as Erin dragged a red wagon with Chubs walking steadily beside her, exiles.  \
	But outside of the too-familiar alcoves of their cul-de-sac lied a world untouched by them.  For the last several weeks - since the start of summer really, this had been where Erin and Chubs sought refuge.  \
	\'93I bet there\'92s oak trees out here.\'94 Chubs said.  \'93Is this a different way then we walked yesterday?\'94\
	\'93A little bit.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Still headed towards the Brownie Pan.\'94\
	The Brownie Pan was one such refuge.  \
	\
	\'93Are your parents ok with you coming out here every day?\'94 Chubs asked.  \
	\'93They haven\'92t said anything.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Me and my dad ride bikes here all the time on his days off.  I know my way there and back.\'94\
	\'93Well your dad could come with us, so that we don\'92t get in trouble.\'94\
	Erin stopped walking and looked at Chubs.  \'93That\'92s not the point.\'94 she said angrily.  \'93I want it to be us, Chubs.  Just us.\'94\
	\'93But it is just Erin.  It doesn\'92t matter where we go.\'94\
	\'93It does matter Chubs!\'94 Erin cried.  \'93You don\'92t understand what\'92s happening.\'94\
	It was true, Chubs didn\'92t.  Arguably, Chubs understood very little outside of the world him and Erin had created together.  This world now included the Brownie Pan, with its soft grass and segmented chainlink fence, a see-through barricade to a subterranean hideout.  \
	Erin pulled the wagon up to the rim of the Brownie Pan, and sat down inside of it.  Chubs sat down in front of her, grabbing hold of the wagon\'92s handle.  Chubs put one foot down, and pushed off, sending the wagon careening down the 45 degree slope, and for a moment the air chocked them and it pushed all of the doubt out of Erin\'92s mind.  The Brownie Pan had that kind of effect.\
	The two would work their magic there, the undefinable sorts of things that you create before you turn ten.  In the empty space there existed not just imaginary kingdoms, the princesses and dragons, but narratives; they were creating their story, a complex one, layered upon and annotated each day until the late afternoon.  Each day was a rough draft and a masterpiece.  \
	But each day came to an eventual conclusion.  The shadows draped themselves across the inside of the Brownie Pan quickly, and soon the new refuge\
\
\'93Do you think it leads somewhere else?\'94  Erin thought aloud.  \'93\'94}