{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=118122}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17900\viewkind1\viewscale124
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \
SEQUESTER\
By Nick Anderson\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 Chapter 1 - Ashamed Love\
Chapter 2 - The Sophistication\
Chapter 3 - The Men that Live Upstairs\
Chapter 4 - Endless White Paper\
Chapter 5 - Chubs Would Like a Word with You\
Chapter 6 - Camomile\
Chapter 7 - Cracking the Spine\
Chapter 8 - Tangibility and Discretion\
Chapter 9 - Manticore\
Chapter 10 - I am a C\
Chapter 11 - Tire Swing\
Chapter 12 - What did I do?\
Chapter 13 - Chiaroscuro\
Chapter 14 - Contradictions\
Chapter 15 - Noodles\
Chapter 16 - Wrong.\
Chapter 17 - Cache\
Chapter 18 -  The Realest Things\
Chapter 19 -  Two Swords\
Chapter 20 - Let It Be?\
Chapter 21 - Mind-Body Dichotomy\
Chapter 22 - It Doesn\'92t Happen All at Once\
\
Chapter 1 - Ashamed Love\
\
	Francis scanned the fellowship hall indignantly, coughed; making small yelps and yells that attempted to pierce through roar of twenty eight high school students.  \
	\'93Ok, circle up . . .\'94  \
	A few of them made eye contact, but their mouths moved on regardless.\
	Francis had wore a collared shirt today; he never did that.  When he had taken over as the youth pastor of Stone River church, the kids had remarked often about his propensity for wearing  tshirts and jeans.  The age gap between him and the students had been especially small then.\
	\'93Ok everyone, we need to,, gather up here . . .\'94\
	Francis was twenty seven now.  He had become worship leader when he was 23, singing and playing guitar on stage on the Sunday morning youth service.  In ripped jeans and brown leather sandals, he touched something momentarily in the red and yellow wax filtered stage lights that he had not found again since.  When he turned twenty six the youth pastor had left and though Francis had not gone to seminary, he was well liked and was a natural choice for a replacement.  \
	\'93HEY!\'94 Francis yelled.  The youth group turned abruptly, staring silently at Francis\'92 quivering forehead veins.  \
	From the stage, beneath the lights, behind the monitors, the kids looked redeemable.  They danced and sang praises to God, they closed their eyes and prayed silently with him.  But sprawled on the floor they looked like twenty eight jacks, and Francis felt like both the ball and the hand.  \
	\'93It is time to circle up.  Your parent are going to be here in twenty minutes.\'94\
	\
	In the darkened youth room, Francis lit a candle inside of a stain-glass jar.  The flame danced inside, projecting octagons of color onto the barely visible faces of the youth group.  \
	\'93Dear Father,\'94 Francis prayed.  \'93Thank you so much for gathering us here tonight.  We come here in prayer to lift our prayers and concerns to you heavenly father, please be with us as we share our joys and concerns.\'94  Francis passed the candle to a girl to his right.  \
	\'93Umm, joys . . .\'94 she began.  \'93I am doing really good in AP Gov, I got an eighty four on the last test.\'94\
	\'93Awesome\'94, \'93That\'92s great\'94 a few students echoed.\
	\'93Concerns . . . umm, just with school, I need prayers.  Its almost finals, I\'92ve never had them before, I hear they\'92re really tough.\'94  The students nodded in agreement in the darkness.  The girl passed the candle.\
	\'93Concerns, my parents are fighting really bad again.\'94 said a boy.  \'93Joys . . . um . . . no joys.\'94  The room was quiet as he passed the candle.  \
	\'93Toby, there has to be at least one joy.\'94  Francis interrupted, as the face of another boy waiting patiently and awkwardly for his turn was illuminated in a yellow and blue glow above the candle.\
	\'93Andrew, pass it back to Toby\'94  \
	Andrew turned to Toby, the glow from the candle illuminating his profile as he attempted to pass it counter clockwise.  The glow illuminated half of Toby\'92s dark face.\
	\'93Toby, here\'92s the . .\'94 Andrew stuttered nervously, \'93I can\'92t see you hands . . .\'94\
	\'93I\'92m sitting on them, I don\'92t want the candle.\'94\
	Andrew searched for Francis\'92 face.\
	\'93No, everyone has to do at least one joy and one concern.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t have any.  I can\'92t tell you something that doesn\'92t exist.\'94 Toby\'92s voice was growing in volume, ruffling the perceived reverent silence.  \
	Francis continued.  \'93I know things seem that way sometimes, that\'92s why we do circle time, so we can remind eachother-\'94\
	\'93Do you want me to just make something up?  Here, how about this,\'94 Toby said, yanking the candle from Andrew\'92s hand.  The glowing colors danced crazily through the room as Toby\'92s face came into view.  \'93My parents bought me a puppy yesterday!  My ex girlfriend called me and wants me back.\'94\
	\'93Toby, I know the troubles of youth can seem like a big deal at the time,\'94\
	\'93What\'92s not a big deal about my life?  What about my life isn\'92t a big deal?\'94\
	\'93Toby,\'94\
	\'93No I\'92d just like to know since you\'92re our youth pastor, why don\'92t you care about us.\'94\
	\'93Ok, why don\'92t I care about you?\'94  Francis stood and flipped on the light, revealing twenty seven horrified faces.  \
	\'93When was I not caring about you, when I literally 
\i pulled
\i0  everyone into circle time while you were all just sitting on the floor chatting?  If I didn\'92t care,\'94 Francis shrugged dramatically. \'93I\'92d just let you sit there and talk all night.  And you could tell your parents and everyone that on Wednesday nights you go to church.  And you could come here and socialize and forget about all the gifts god\'92s given you, just like you have Toby.  You want to tell me there\'92s not 
\i one
\i0  good thing about your life right now?  Like the fact that you\'92re going to sleep in a warm bed tonight, that you\'92ve had three meals today?  And me trying to make you remember that, that means I don\'92t care?\'94\
	\'93There\'92s more to life than just eating and sleeping.\'94 a girl said.  \
	\'93Megan would know about the sleeping part.\'94 Toby commented.\
	\'93ENOUGH.\'94 Francis boomed.  \'93Do you have 
\i no
\i0  respect for this church?  Cause if not you need to leave.  In fact everyone needs to leave, its eight and we\'92re out of time.\'94  Francis was desperately trying to keep the stitches of his composure from bursting open.\
	\'93But we didn\'92t get to-\'94 objected a girl on the other side of the room.\
	\'93I know!  And who\'92s fault is that?  Think about that tonight, about what\'92s more important to you guys.\'94  Francis took the candle from Toby without making eye contact, and blew it out.  Grabbing his leather Bible he walked out the door.  \
	Francis was supposed to stay in the fellowship hall until all the children had been picked up by their parents.  He was supposed to linger for the one child who needed to talk to someone, to voice their concerns.  He had, in weeks and months past, and finally he had heard more than he wanted.  The rampaging sin that filled their day to day, that poured from the precious cut lips of young girls, the twisted works of young men\'92s hands, he was sick of it.  No, the sin was stomachable, it was the apathy the brought blood to the back of his throat.  How the same person could lament the guilt and pains of a lifestyle and then just sit on the floor and gape blankly at the other little sinners when they could be using fellowship to sort out their lives and find unity in Christ . . . \
	Francis noticed how fast he was walking, and slowed himself to a normal pace.  He had pushed his way through the double glass doors to the church long ago, and the sudden chill made him wonder where he had left his jacket.  Francis lived close enough to the church to walk there, or anywhere really, in the small suburban city.  He lived on the edge of downtown, where the fading city bustle meets with an expansive forrest.  Perfectly situated between the two areas, Francis felt as though he would belong in this part of town, if he were to belong anywhere, with its old stone apartment complexes with rusty fire escape ladders and small rows of shops and cobbled sidewalks.  But shortly after moving into his quaint one bedroom apartment and wandering the streets night after night, he felt once again the feeling that had plagued him in every place he had set foot since childhood.  A detachment from the people and the places, the irreconcilable inability to understand the motivations and thoughts that filled them.\
	Francis was old for his age.  His mind raced as he passed his apartment complex.\
	Francis did not belong anywhere.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 2 - The Sophistication\
\
	Erin felt like she was forgetting something.  She stared at the calendar above her stove, listlessly stirring a skillet full of hamburger helper.  With each twist of the spoon, its contents looked less appetizing.  Melted cheese stuck in clumps to the wooden mixing spoon; she was starting to think she was supposed to have added it last.\
	Her small apartment had a wooden desk in the corner that was visible from the kitchen counter - it was stacked to overflow with papers that needed to be worked on.  Mixed with the smell of the bubbling powdered seasoning and ground beef.  None of them were due tomorrow, what was she forgetting?  She scraped up the brown crust forming at the bottom of the pan.  It was a lost cause.  She turned the burner off and grabbed her tan wool sweater, searched for her keys, which were hidden beneath yet another pile of paperwork on her coffee table.  She moved the stack to her desk, attempting to carve out a semantic area to set it, but the heaps bled together in a sort of bizarre half shuffle.  She sighed, she had been distracted and preoccupied all day by some inarticulate urgency that crept up on her as she tried to focus.  \
	Making her way outside the feeling was eroded by the cool evening air - It was early November, and the remaining leaves of trees danced off the shivering branches with each gust.  The sun had set, her street was dotted with street lights that imbued the sidewalk with a warm yellow glow.  Night walks were nice.\
	Erin made her way to a dinner that sat only two blocks from her apartment, and had cheered considerably by the time she arrived.  Entering she navigated herself past the shuffling of chairs on blue and white, to a corner booth in the back of the restaurant by a window.  This was Erin\'92s trademark spot; at least once a week she sate her after botching another dinner and drank coffee slowly until the early morning.  This is where Erin found peace, and where for a few hours the world danced carefully around her.  \
	As she sat and began to unfurl herself into the plastic-y padded seat, a complacent looking man entered the restaurant quite hurriedly, and sitting down across from her, began to flip through a menu.  \
	\'93Umm  .. . Hello!\'94 Erin said to her new companion.  \
	The man looked up, surprised.  Before him sat a teenage girl with dark hair, wearing a tan sweater.\
	\'93Oh no, I\'92m sorry, I did not see you sitting here . . . I\'92m just really out of right now.\'94\
	\'93Its ok,\'94 she replied, \'93are you alright?\'94\
	\'93Yes, well . . . \'94  Francis considered relaying his problems to this girl who probably had as much insight into the situation as the table he as propping his elbows up on.  But he needed a confidant, and the girl\'92s smile was welcoming and reassuring.\
	\'93Just . . . do you ever feel like you have something really important to share with people, like things that could help them, but they just won\'92t hear you?\'94\
	\'93Hmm, I think I\'92ve felt that way before.\'94  Erin replied.  The man looked distraught, and she was considering listening to him.  Despite his ruffled appearance, he was obviously young and somewhat put together.  He wore a white collared shirt that was unbuttoned slightly to appear casual, he wore jeans that had sytematic, machine-created tears in them.  She too felt she could benefit from a confidant, though she knew not in what capacity, as her trouble was illusive and undefinable, and could not be whisked away over a cup of coffee.  But the mutual transgressions felt nice, if only for a few fleeting moments with a stranger in a diner.  \
	\'93Care to explain?\'94 she asked.  \'93I\'92m Erin by the way.\'94\
	\'93Nice to meet you, I\'92m Francis.\'94  the man replied.  \'93I know this is kind of weird, I don\'92t usually complain to complete strangers.  And when I\'92m finished, you\'92re more than welcome to air any grievances of your own.\'94\
	Erin smiled.  \'93Sounds like a plan.\'94\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 3 - The Men that Live Upstairs\
\
	With a cup of coffee held up to his cold face, Francis began to explain himself.\
	\'93I work with alot of kids about your age.\'94 he began.  \'93How old are you by the way?  Am I creeping you out?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m sixteen.\'94 she replied, laughing.  \'93And I wasn\'92t, but I am now.\'94\
	\'93No no no, I just wanted to make sure.\'94 Francis said, blushing.\
	\'93How old are you?\'94\
	\'93Me?  I\'92m twenty seven.\'94\
	\'93Ah.  What\'92s that like?\'94  Erin said into her coffee mug, stirring in a packet of creamer.\
	\'93I don\'92t know.  Its alright I guess.\'94 he said chuckling.\
	\'93Ok sorry, back to what you were saying.\'94\
	\'93Yes, well,\'94 Francis said, taking another sip of coffee, \'93I work with alot of kids your age.  And they don\'92t take anything I say seriously.  I went to their church when I was younger, and now I\'92m their youth pastor - and I don\'92t know if its because I was always the \'91cool\'92 guy or whatever, but they just don\'92t listen to me now.  I used to be the worship leader and just sing and play music on Sundays, so I was never that involved with them personally, but now that I\'92m helping them on a more personal level, one on one . . . \'94 Francis sighed.  \'93They\'92re really,, they\'92re horrible people.\'94\
	Erin nearly spit her coffee out from laughter.  \'93Aww, what a depressing thing to say!  Surely you can\'92t say things like that as their youth pastor.\'94\
	\'93No really, they act like completely normal teenagers.\'94\
	\'93What do you mean normal teenagers?\'94\
	\'93Like not Christians.  You know that there\'92s a girl there, probably fifteen, who they\'92re saying has already had sex.\'94  Francis set his coffee down at shook his hands in disbelief at the notion.\
	\'93First of all, I don\'92t think that\'92s that weird, and second of all, are you saying Christian teenagers are better than other ones?\'94  Erin posed, her brows furrowed.\
	\'93You don\'92t think that\'92s that weird?  What kind of girl just gives God\'92s gift away when she\'92s that young?  Would 
\i you 
\i0 do that?\'94\
	\'93Are you asking me about my 
\i sex
\i0  life?\'94 Erin retorted angrily.  A waitress walking by bumped into a chair, knocking over an older couple\'92s water glasses.\
	\'93Ok, ok, we got this off to the wrong start.  That\'92s not what I\'92m saying.  I\'92m just saying, I\'92m trying to lead these kids in the right direction and teach them values that are going to be important -\'94\
	\'93Oh, don\'92t start with that nice guy BS now.\'94 Erin fumed.  \'93You\'92ve just proven yourself to be a completely judgmental jerk.  No wonder they won\'92t listen to you.\'94\
	\'93What?  Now, what do you mean by that?\'94\
	\'93You just said it yourself - some people are better than others.  Who would confide in their youth pastor if they thought doing so was going to lower them to a lesser person in your eyes?  That\'92s why they have those . . . screens on Catholic confessional booths, so you can\'92t see who\'92s confessing.\'94\
	\'93No, I never said they\'92re 
\i lesser people
\i0  just because they slip up more often.\'94 \
	\'93You don\'92t have to tell someone they\'92re a lesser person to make them feel it.\'94\
	\'93All I\'92m saying is, they\'92re not even trying.  They\'92re not taking religion seriously at all.\'94\
	\'93And what do they have to do to take religion seriously?  Do they have to act like you, all high and mighty?\'94\
	\'93Well, your clearly not a Christian.\'94\
	\'93Is that suppose to be an insult?\'94 \
	\'93Its up to your interpretation. I\'92m just saying, I don\'92t think we\'92re going to see eye to eye on this.\'94\
	\'93Clearly.\'94\
	Francis sunk lower into the booth, gulped an enormous amount of coffee down in a single swig.  \'93It doesn\'92t bother me, what you said.\'94  He said, his eyes staring complacently at a corner.  \'93If you\'92re an atheist that\'92s fine, I\'92d expect you to not listen to me.  But it just upsets me that these kids feel that way to.\'94\
	Erin thought of saying something, but a waitress was passing by their table with a pot of coffee.  \
	\'93You doin alright?\'94 the waitress asked.\
	\'93Doing fine.\'94 Erin answered, though the waitress shunned her.  She wondered if it was because of the sex comment.  Francis brought the steaming cup to his face again, taking another large gulp.\
	\'93You seemed like a really nice girl.  When I saw you I thought, this girl could understand what I\'92m going through.\'94  \
	\'93Oh, I 
\i am
\i0  a nice girl.\'94  Erin corrected.  \'93You\'92re just an asshole.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not.  I\'92m really not.\'94\
	\'93And just because I don\'92t agree with you doesn\'92t mean I don\'92t understand you.  You want to help them but you don\'92t know how.  There\'92s nothing that hard to understand about that.\'94\
	\'93I just don\'92t know what to say to them to make them stop living that way.\'94\
	\'93Living what way?  Like normal teenagers?\'94\
	\'93Yes, like 
\i normal
\i0  teenagers.  They\'92re at that church by choice, because they\'92re better than that.  They should be held to higher standards, it\'92s been their choice to do so.\'94\
	Erin sighed.  \'93Life is a wonderful thing, meant to be enjoyed completely.  You have to experience bad things to learn from them.  We\'92re supposed to be making lots of mistakes.  Weren\'92t you like that when you were young?\'94\
	\'93No, I was much better than these guys . . .\'94\
	\'93See there you go again!\'94 Erin said, smacking her palm on the table.  \'93
\i Better than.
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Ok ok, I see your point.\'94 Francis admitted.  \'93I\'92m just . . .\'94\
	\'93So passionate about it you can\'92t help it.\'94\
	\'93 . . . Exactly.\'94\
	\'93Well clearly its stopping you from interacting with these kids normally.\'94\
	\'93Well what\'92s a normal interaction?\'94\
	\'93We\'92re having one right now.  Apart from asking me about when I lost my virginity this has been a pretty normal conversation.  And aren\'92t I about the age of your students.\'94\
	\'93Well yes, that\'92s true,\'94 Fracnis admitted, but there\'92s a fundamental difference.   \
	\'93And that is?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not trying to make you into a better Christian.\'94\
	\'93Well there\'92s your problem.\'94\
	Francis soaked in Erin\'92s conclusion - there was no doubt her logic stood solid.  Erin smirked happily into her coffee mug.\
	\'93Ok ok,\'94 Francis admitted.  \'93I see the point you\'92re making.  But that\'92s what I\'92m there for.  That\'92s why I\'92ve been working for that church for . . . what is it, fifteen years.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s a really long time to do something wrong.\'94  Erin prodded.\
	\'93No, now no, nothing I\'92m doing is wrong.  Everything I\'92m doing is right, that\'92s something non-Christians don\'92t understand.  But I will concede that maybe I am doing the right thing the wrong way.\'94\
	Erin nodded.  \'93Ok, I\'92ll give you that much.  It is good to help people.  But I still think Christianity is the wrong thing, the wrong way.\'94\
	Francis opened his mouth to object, but Erin motioned for him to stop.  \
	\'93It\'92s ok, you can have your opinions, I\'92m not coming down on you about that, I just want to say this.  While you\'92re already thinking about these things.\'94\
	\'93Ok, fine, I will take it at face value.\'94 Francis relaxed slightly, no willing to set aside his feelings for someone who had done the same for him.\
	\'93I\'92ll I\'92m saying is,\'94 Erin stated calmly and assuredly, \'93Christianity, or any religion, sets a limit set on life.  It tells you what is possible and takes all the magic out of life.  It shifts your focus to this, perceived afterlife instead.  It\'92s like a story,\'94 she explained, setting her coffee down and holding her hands in front of her as though she were holding a large book open, \'93And religion tells you the last chapter before you have a chance to read any of the others.\'94  She acted like she was flipping to the final pages, then turned the book to Francis.\
	\'93How\'92d you like the book?\'94 she asked.  \'93Wasn\'92t very exciting, was it?\'94\
	Francis chuckled.  \'93So, you\'92d rather not know what\'92s going to happen after you do?\'94\
	\'93Well, there\'92s more to it than that.\'94 Erin explained, returning to her coffee.  \'93See, I don\'92t think there\'92s anything after death.  I think this is what we get.\'94 She scanned the room, taking in the chatty patrons, scrapping at ketchup with fries and drinking their coffee.  \'93And if you live your whole life for an ending that will never come, you start to make strange decisions.  Decisions you wouldn\'92t make if you were focused on your life, and the people in it.  You might decide its more worthwhile to spend your whole life telling someone else\'92s story instead of creating your own.\'94\
	\'93You think that\'92s more important?\'94  Francis asked.\
	\'93Absolutely.\'94 Erin replied.  \'93All these people here, they\'92re each doing something completely unique, in a completely different set of skin and bones than anyone else who has ever lived.  Each one of their lives holds an infinite potential for who they will be and what they will accomplish.  And rules and tradition should have nothing to do with it.  They should be able to seek the end to their own story, unafraid of what someone else wants to make out of it.\'94\
	Francis smiled at Erin.  \'93You think about these things alot?\'94\
	\'93I have plenty of time for thinking about important things.\'94 she replied.  \
	\'93Hmm, wish my students were like you.  All they ever talk about is how much homework they have to do.\'94\
	\'93Yeah?\'94\
	\'93Suppose that\'92s just something that comes with being your age, right?  Still, I wish they were half as intelligent and thought out as you are.  I don\'92t agree with you and alot of what you said was wrong, but still, you said it with conviction.\'94\
	\'93What about what I said was wrong?  Actually, don\'92t even tell me, I don\'92t want to know.\'94\
	\'93Because without Jesus, there is no life.\'94\
	\'93Oh here we 
\i go
\i0 \'94 \
	\'93No now 
\i I\'92m
\i0  just saying, that\'92s my rebuttal.  You owe your life to Jesus.  That\'92s why we should live differently, with an end in mind.\'94  Francis swallowed another gulp of coffee.  \
	\'93Ok, fair enough.\'94\
\
\
\
Chapter 4 - Endless White Paper\
\
	\'93So,\'94 Francis concluded.  \'93I think I\'92m done complaining now.  What\'92ve you got?\'94\
	\'93Oh,\'94 Erin said, inhaling.  She had forgot this part of the conversation was coming.\
	\'93To be honest, I don\'92t really know.  I just feel like I\'92m forgetting something.\'94  She laughed.  \'93That\'92s really silly after all you had going on.\'94\
	\'93No, not at all!\'94 Francis protested, \'93Besides, I owe you.  So you feel like you\'92ve forgotten something?  Like, left something somewhere?\'94\
	\'93No, like there\'92s something going on right now, or I\'92m suppose to be somewhere, but I\'92m missing it.  I really have no idea.\'94\
	\'93Hmm,\'94 Francis considered.  \'93Something going on right now?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, well, I guess that\'92s how it felt.  I think I\'92m kind of over it now.  Whatever it was, I probably missed it completely.\'94\
	\'93Hmm.  Well, wish I could help you.  But that\'92s simply not enough clues.\'94\
	\'93Suppose your right.\'94 Erin said, chuckling.  \'93Well, whatever it was, I give up on it.  I think I\'92m just going to go home now.\'94\
	\'93Yeah?\'94 Francis asked, looking outside at the black night hugging the city.  \'93You live around here?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, pretty close.  Walking distance.\'94\
	\'93Oh, you\'92re walking?  Do you mind if I walk you back then?\'94  Francis motioned to a clock directly above Erin\'92s head.  \'93Its after eleven.  Not prime walking hours for a young girl.\'94\
	\'93Oh jeeeeeez!\'94 Erin said, craining her neck to see the clock.  \'93Ok yeah, I didn\'92t realize it had gotten so late.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, you got school tomorrow?\'94 Francis asked as he stood and began to shimmy through the narrow space between the wall and an old woman\'92s chair.    \
	\'93No.\'94\
	\'93Oh.  Well still.  Its very late.\'94\
	Erin buttoned her coat as they exited into the cold night air.  Francis was very upset he had forgot his jacket, as the girl began to quite casually stroll down the sidewalk.\
	\'93You know, not alot of families live around here.\'94 he said, slowing his pace to match hers.  \'93I mainly just see older couples and people my age around here.  Definitely no families with kids.\'94\
	\'93Oh, well I live by myself.\'94 Erin said.  \'93In a big apartment building, but yeah, I know what you mean.\'94\
	\'93You live alone?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93How is that possible?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know, I just do.\'94 She responded, offended.\
	\'93Oh, sorry if I hit a nerve, you don\'92t have to tell me.\'94\
	\'93There\'92s nothing 
\i to
\i0  tell.\'94\
	\'93Alright, alright, its fine!\'94 Francis insisted. \
	\'93This is it on the right on the next block.\'94 Erin said - pointing to a decaying brick building in the distance.  \'93You can come in for a bit if you like, I never have visitors.  It gets a little lonely, it would be nice.\'94\
	\'93Yeah sure.\'94  Francis replied.  \'93If you want me to come up.\'94\
	\'93Did I not just ask you to?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, no totally.\'94  Francis watched the young girl in front of him walk steadily, her boots tapping quietly on the sidewalk with each step.\
	\'93Hey, I was thinking - the thing you were forgetting - maybe it was a school assignment?  I don\'92t want to stick around and bother you if you have homework to do.\'94\
	\'93I . . . don\'92t go to school.\'94 Erin said, sounding almost confused at her answer.\
	\'93You don\'92t go to school?  Isn\'92t it compulsory at your age?  Like, until eighteen?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know, I work.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, what do you do?\'94\
	\'93Umm . . . math.\'94\
	Francis laughed.  \'93Math?  You do 
\i math
\i0 ?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, don\'92t laugh!  I\'92ll show you.\'94\
	\'93How much does doing math pay?\'94\
	\'93Pay?\'94\
	\'93Yeah . . .\'94\
	Erin had the most vacant, lost look in her eyes.  She climbed the stoop of a decrepit, ancient building, opened the broken glass window without a lock, and stepped into the hallway inside.\
	\'93Come on!\'94 she called to Francis.  \'93I\'92ll make some tea.\'94\
	Francis stepped into the barely lit hallway.  A single lightbulb hung from a cord about every twelve feet, and the hallway seemed to stretch on forever.  The walls were covered in wilted green wallpaper the folded out like foliage, exposing raw wooden planks beneath.  But the most defining characteristic of the building was the carpet - what was probably a light blue or grey shag was caked with mud, in large sumi-brush strokes up and down the hall.  Francis walked on the edges to avoid the thick layer of muck.  Erin pranced right through it, and stood at the other end of the endless hallway at the base of a iron staircase.  \
	\'93I\'92m on the third floor.  No elevators.\'94\
	Suppressing a gut reaction of absolute disgust Francis smiled placidly and crept along, trying to keep from rubbing up against anything.  Erin bobbed up the stairs with a rhythmic clank, and Francis followed, worrying more and more about his safety, and then the girl\'92s.  The building was quiet, dark, damp.  \
	\'93303\'94 Erin said cheerfully, turning the doorknob.  \'93Ok, so its kind of messy.  I haven\'92t had a guest in a really long time.\'94\
	\'93Did you just open your door without a key?\'94\
	\'93Uhhh . . . yes.\'94\
	\'93Is that safe?\'94\
	Erin looked confused.  \
	\'93I\'92m getting,, a little worried.\'94 Francis admited cautiously as he approached her door, \'93about how you\'92re living . . .\'94\
	\'93Oh, I\'92m 
\i fine, mom
\i0 \'94she called from inside.  \'93See, come inside and take a look!\'94\
	Francis turned the corner and entered the appartment.  The entire space was vacant, rotted hardwood floors, save for a desk in the corner with stacks of paper covering it.  A strange smell eminated from the entire room, presumably from the mold spreading in orang-y floral patterns across the ceiling.  A single yellow lightbulb hung from the ceiling, beneath which Erin stood, arms motioning to outward like a TV show presenter.  \
	\'93Ta da!\'94\
\
	Francis\'92 eyes began to tear.  \'93You didn\'92t have to go to this length . . .\'94  he moved into the room, standing defensively before the girl.  \'93We have programs for kids like you.  I can help you, you didn\'92t have to bring me here.  That must have been why you talked to me all night.  I was wondering why you didn\'92t get anything to eat or drink at the diner, you must be starving.\'94\
	\'93What the hell are you talking about?\'94  Erin retorted.  \'93First of all, I was drinking coffee all night, just because I only had one cup doesn\'92t mean I\'92m 
\i poor
\i0 , and second I don\'92t know how much they pay you to lie to a bunch of high school kids but this is 
\i a good place.
\i0   Your place is probably way better, but I\'92m proud of this and while you\'92re here you have to respect that.  You can start by taking your shoes off if you\'92re going to stand on the nice rug.\'94\
	\'93There is no 
\i way
\i0  I am taking my shoes off, what 
\i rug
\i0 ?!\'94  Francis yelled in exasperation.  \'93What are you talking about?!  I -\'94 \
	Erin was beginning to react to Francis\'92 fear - she felt suddenly that truly, something was not right.  She looked around at her couch, her rug, the cold skillet of hamburger helper on the stove, and began to feel dizzy.  She tried to steady herself on the coffee table, but as she grasped for it, her hand clawed at air.  Francis moved in to catch her as she stumbled to regain her balance.  \
	This is when the kaleidoscope began to fill the room.  White light, twisting, crawling like ants across the walls, broke through the room in sharp polygons, twisting in varying speeds, transforming the room like a giant origami cootie catcher.  Grabbing for Francis\'92 arm, Erin saw from his reaction that he too was seeing the shifting.  \
	White light was a bad description.  Because the white polygons that swept the floor, danced across the ceiling, they were substance, not light.  They folded out of corners and pulled like rolls of butcher paper from corners, flipped in great folds from creases in the floorboards.  What they were, it was hard to see.  As Francis and Erin fell to the floor, caught in an ethereal, linen white undertoe, the first traces of writing appeared, and as what should have been the floor folded and buckled below them, they were both able to spot their names written in large, uppercase Helvetica amongst the endless stream of text soaking into the parchment construction.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 5 - The Truth About Heaven\
\
	Many people will tell you that heaven sits on top of the clouds, encased by pearly gates, inside which exists a golden city filled thousands of angels, bouching around on clouds all day.  This is not the case.  Heaven does rest on top of clouds, but the topsides are paved quite evenly with linoleum.  The alternating squares of black and purple are polished to such a high sheen, the mere sight of them would make you want to rip off your shoes and go sliding across them in your socks.  This is a dangerous and inadvisable activity, as the amorphous shapes of clouds often yield sharp drops with little visible warning.  \
	Francis and Erin were in no mood to go sliding.  Sprawled  haphazardly on the expansive plateau, about six feet apart, they both awoke about the same time.  \
	Lying on her back, looking up, Erin wondered if she had awoken in some sort of field or outdoor pavilion; wispy clouds danced above her and a cool breeze kissed her temple.  But by propping herself up on her elbows, she realized that she was in a place she had not seen before, or at least could not remember.  In the air hung a sweet smell not unlike drying leaves.  But the entire expanse of checkered tile yielded not one building or natural undulation, and the sight made Erin afraid.  \
	\'93Where do you think we are?\'94 Francis asked, standing and pacing a small circle around where he and Erin had landed.  The sound of birds wings and their caws could be heard beneath their feet.  \
	\'93Oh hey guys.\'94\
	Walking towards them, the two saw a man walking towards them - an unassuming looking man, about thirty, wearing a red hooded robe made of what appeared to be the same material as sweatshirts and workout pants.  The front boasted a large kangaroo pouch.  \
	\'93Hey . . .\'94 Erin replied, confused but polite.  She stood to see him eye to eye, and found that face to face the man had another quality she could not place - a subtle stroke around him that refracted light like the edges of window panes.  \
	\'93Good ta see ya Erin.\'94 the man said.  \'93Francis, glad you\'92re here too.  I\'92ve heard alot about you.\'94 \
	\'93Do we know you?\'94  Francis asked.  \'93And do you know where we are?\'94\
	\'93Yes, yeah, well. You\'92re . . .\'94 the man sighed \'93I\'92m Chubs, by the way.\'94\
	The three exchanged pleasantries awkwardly.  The expectant, if not desperate looks of his visitors impressed upon Chubs, and he decided to forgo idle talk.\
	\'93Ok, I will explain this as clearly as possible.\'94 Chubs said.  \'93This is heaven.\'94\
	\'93Oh god . . .\'94 Erin whimpered.\
	\'93Does this mean we died?\'94  Francis asked with equal parts fear and excitement.  \
	\'93Umm . . . eehhhhhhh . . .\'94 Chubs said, wincing and shrugging.  \'93Ok, here\'92s the deal:  Francis, you\'92re alive.  You\'92re just visiting.  Erin, you\'92re dead.\'94\
	The message was delivered as tactfully as possible, still the two were in a sort of shock; and Chubs could tell that more explanation was going to be necessary.  \
	\'93How . . . how did just I survive?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93I was standing really close to her.  Did something explode?\'94\
	\'93No no no,\'94 Chubs interviened, \'93This was a  while ago.  Erin, you\'92ve been dead for like, a year.\'94\
	\'93No I haven\'92t!\'94 she protested.  \'93I was just drinking coffee like five minutes ago.\'94\
	\'93I still don\'92t think you were . . .\'94 Francis added.\
	\'93I have an apartment and a job.\'94\
	\'93Well . . . \'94  Francis fingered some papers in his hand, reading them nervously to deflect the awkward situation unfolding before him.  \'93Well, this part is always hard to explain.\'94\
	\'93Wait, so I\'92m not dead?\'94 Francis interjected.  \
	\'93Francis, wait a minute, one person at a time.\'94\
	\'93So you\'92re an . . . angel?\'94\
	\'93No, not really.\'94 \
	Francis thought back to the other heavenly beings that appear in the Bible.\
	 \'93Well, oh oh oh\'94 Francis looked excited.  \'93Are you the horsemen of war?  Is the apocalypse starting?  Is that why I\'92ve been called here?\'94\
	Chubs just looked confused.\
	\'93What are they telling you guys down there?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s from Revelation, last book of the Bible.\'94\
	\'93Hmm, haven\'92t read it.\'94\
	Francis looked hurt.\
	\'93Well, oh, I have so many questions.  Have you met . . . well clearly - but is there a way I could see Jesus?\'94  A pure, gentle excitement glazed his eyes.\
	\'93Last name?\'94\
	\'93What do you mean 
\i last name?
\i0   The Messiah.  The Christ.\'94\
	Chubs paused for a moment and thought.  He raised his index for a minute like he had an idea, then said \'93No . . . no, I we don\'92t have anyone like that up here.\'94\
	\'93What?  No, see,\'94\
	\'93Francis!\'94  Erin exclaimed.  \'93We\'92re not done with me yet.  I can\'92t be dead, I was still living on earth and everyone can still . . .\'94\
	\'93Eh, you\'92re starting to get it together, right?\'94  Chubs said.  \'93Sit down if you need to.\'94\
	\'93But Francis,\'94\
	\'93It\'92s only him.  He\'92s the only one that can see you.  And just for the sake of argument, you weren\'92t drinking coffee earlier.  You just thought you were.\'94\
	\'93But,,\'94  Erin began again.\
	\'93You can\'92t remember, right?\'94  Francis asked sympathetically.  \'93Friends, family, et cetera.  What you did last week.\'94\
	\'93But I 
\i am still
\i0 \'94\
	\'93Francis couldn\'92t see your furniture.\'94\
	\'93I . . .\'94\
	\'93The thoughts have your heart racing, right?  Test your pulse.\'94\
	Erin put two fingers to her wrist and waited.  The skin was cold and still.  What should have been the beat of blood rushing, that you hear sometimes as adrenaline fills you, was as silent as the vacant clouds.  A flock of starlings passed the group, beating their wings slowly as Erin digested, in bits and pieces, the revelation caught in her throat.\
	\'93Why am I still on earth?\'94 she asked.  \'93Why did I die so young?\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t ask me.\'94  Chubs replied, seemingly soured by the question.  \'93I can\'92t tell you anything else.\'94\
	\'93You can\'92t bring me hear and tell me this and just 
\i stop there
\i0 \'94 Erin said angrily.  \'93That isn\'92t fair!\'94\
	\'93That isn\'92t 
\i fair?!
\i0 \'94  Chubs retorted.  \'93This isn\'92t 
\i fair?!
\i0   Let me tell you Erin, I\'92ve had just about enough of you.\'94\
	\'93What is that suppose to mean?\'94 she asked, confused.  \'93All I want are answers.  I\'92m not at peace, right?  Is that while I\'92m still down there?\'94\
	\'93Francis, you\'92re free to go.\'94\
	\'93
\i DON\'92T IGNORE ME!
\i0 \'94 Erin yelled, tears welling in her eyes.  \'93
\i What am I suppose to do?  Do I stay here?  Do I  . . . I . . .
\i0 \'94 Erin collapsed into a full on sob, trying to remain standing while brushing at her eyes with the sleeves of her sweater.  \
	\'93Why can\'92t you tell her?\'94  Francis asked.  \'93If you know, can\'92t you tell her?  Why can\'92t she know?\'94\
	Chubs sighed.  \'93I can\'92t give you exactly what you\'92re looking for.\'94  He fiddled with the papers in his hand, and pulled a few pages of crumpled loose leaf from the front pocket of his robe.  He held them up in one hand.  \'93I can give you this.  The rest you have to figure out for yourself.\'94\
	\'93Okay.\'94  Erin said, sniffling.  \'93What is it?\'94\
	\'93Your suicide note.\'94\
	Both Erin and Francis looked at Chubs in disbelief.\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Chubs said nodding.  \'93Was that itself a big shock?  If you don\'92t want to know, I\'92ll just hold onto this.  I\'92m just saying, the rabbit hole goes alot deeper.\'94\
	Erin inhaled deeply.  \'93Of course I want to know.\'94  she replied.  She walked slowly, diligently towards Chubs, and took the pages from him.  \
	\'93Alright, your call.\'94  Chubs said.  \'93We\'92ve covered everything I needed to tell you guys - you\'92re all free to go.\'94\
	\'93Wait, so why did I end up here?\'94  Francis asked.  \'93You didn\'92t have anything to tell me.\'94\
	\'93Ehhh,\'94 Chubs shrugged.  \'93Its all relative.  Everything, like, all of it.\'94  he looked him in the eye.  \'93You\'92ve got a lot to understand yet, Francis.\'94  He smiled.  \'93Alright!  You kids get out of here!\'94\
	Francis began to raise protest, but as soon as he spoke the linoleum beneath him began to ruffle into a sea of text-stained paper, and once again Erin and Francis sunk.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 6 - Camomile\
\
	Francis sat up with a start, from the moldy hardwood floors of Erin\'92s apartment.  Like awakening from a heavy dream, he shook his head as is eyes came into focus.  In the corner of the room, Erin was already sitting up, her eyes still stained red from tears, her hands clenching a mess of papers.  \
	\'93Are you ok?\'94  Francis asked.  \
	\'93I,\'94 Erin replied.  \'93I don\'92t know yet.  I think I\'92m in shock or something . . .\'94\
	A clamour came from down the hall.  \
	\'93Who\'92s in here?\'94  A man\'92s voice called.  A flashlight danced through the vacant hallway as boots creaked the aging floor.  Light filled Francis\'92 face from where he sat on the floor.  Through the abrasive light and his violently adjusting retinas, he could make out a badge reflecting in the doorway.\
	\'93What the hell are you doing in here?\'94 the man asked.  \'93How did you get in?  Are you the one that smashed the window?\'94\
	\'93No, my friend lives  . . .\'94 Francis stopped as he realized the position he was in.\
	\'93Listen, I don\'92t care if the place is abandoned, you still don\'92t break the windows.  That\'92s just rude.  You high?\'94\
	\'93No sir,\'94 Francis replied, \'93Just - Thought I heard someone in here . . . \'94\
	\'93Why were you sitting on the floor?  You got a pipe?\'94\
	\'93No.  I just . . .\'94\
	\'93You don\'92t look homeless.  Or doped up.\'94  the officer shined his light into Francis\'92 eyes, and leaned in to observe.  \'93You trying to loot the place?  You\'92ve been beat to it.  So get the hell out of here.\'94  The man stood behind Francis and escorted him, a bit forcefully out into the hallway, and down the iron stairs.  After them, Erin followed, slinking along quietly though it was not necessary.  Outside, at the top of the stoop, the officer pushed the door to the complex shut, while Erin observed from inside.\
	\'93It locks.\'94 he remarked.  \'93How the hell did you get in here?  Did you crawl through that little hole in the glass?\'94\
	Francis shrugged, at a loss for words.\
	\'93You\'92re fuckin\'92 crazy man.\'94  the officer said.  \'93If I didn\'92t have actually things to get to, you and me would be havin a real long talk.  I don\'92t know what you were after, but you best quit crawlin around in these old abandoned buildings.  Not okay.  Not safe.  Go home.\'94\
	Francis hurried down the sidewalk as the officer watched him, making sure he had turned the corner before leaving.  \
	Erin waited until the officer was gone as well, and opened the door to the complex.  Tucking the papers into her sweater, she jogged quietly down the street after Francis.  \
	As she turned the corner, she nearly collided with him - he had been in a near jog in the opposite direction.  \
	\'93Are you ok?\'94  their questions overlapped in the dark, quiet night.  \
\
	On a park bench, a light snow began to fall.   \
	\'93Could you still see your furniture?\'94  Francis asked.  \
	\'93No.\'94  Erin sighed.  She moved the papers before her eyes to try and read them in the insufficient light, finally giving up.  \'93You know, I have no idea who my parents are.  I don\'92t have any friends.  I don\'92t go to school!  How couldn\'92t I put that together?\'94  She folded the the papers into a small square.\
	\'93I\'92m sure there\'92s reasons for that.\'94 he said.  \'93Chubs didn\'92t give us alot of information to go on, but I think there were reasons.\'94\
	\'93Maybe.\'94  Erin responded despondently.  \
	\'93Well, where are you going to start?\'94  Francis asked, glancing at the rumpled square of looseleaf.\
	\'93I don\'92t know.  Maybe I . . . maybe if I go to sleep, I\'92ll have a better idea of what to do tomorrow.\'94\
	\'93Sleep where?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93You don\'92t have a bed, remember.\'94\
	Erin sniffed again.  \'93Well, I could sleep on this bench.  Its not like I could get sick from it, or die . . .\'94\
	\'93No, no you\'92re still . . . wouldn\'92t you get cold?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not sure . . .\'94 she said sobbing again.\
	\'93Well . . . \'94 Francis announced, standing,  \'93You should stay with me.  I,, I can help you.\'94  He thought about it and became more confident in his deduction.  \'93You need a place to stay, and; you can\'92t interact with people, you won\'92t be able to get anywhere, ask them questions, things like that.\'94\
	Erin looked at him.  \'93You really want to help me?\'94  she asked.  \'93I can\'92t offer you anything in return.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s what I do is all is all about.\'94  Francis explained.  \'93Besides . . . when I walked out of work tonight, I really didn\'92t think I would be going back.  Ever.  And now I\'92ve been given this chance . . . I need to know more.  Nothing I\'92ve seen tonight has made any sense to me.  So, if you don\'92t mind, I would like to help you.\'94\
	\'93Alright.\'94 Erin agreed, and the two stood and left the park, walking slowly northward.\
\
	Inside Francis\'92 apartment, a kettle sang as Francis filled a teapot with Camomile.  Erin sat quietly on his couch, taking in Francis\'92 quaint residence.  The in the air hung a sweet smell of august leaves, the furniture was understated and comfortable.  The cushion she sat on had seemingly never been used; only one appeared to have seen any wear.\
	\'93Did you know,\'94 Francis asked, \'93When you buy tea bags, all you\'92re getting is the shaving that fall off the real plant?\'94 He held a full Camomile poppy out towards her.  \'93This is what makes good tea.\'94  He brought the tea pot over to the old wooden coffee table in front of the couch, and sank into the worn cushion. \'93It needs to steep for six minutes.  Then we can pour it.\'94\
	Francis set two porcilean cups out in front them.\
	\'93 . . . So,\'94 Francis began cautiously, \'93Have you read it?\'94\
	Erin carefully unfolded the note  on the table with one hand.  \'93No.\'94  She flipped it closed again.  \'93There\'92s a part of me that doesn\'92t want to.  Just the way Chubs reacted . . . I think I might really not want to know.\'94\
	Francis nodded.  \'93I\'92m not sure what I would do, if I was in your position.\'94\
	\'93Right now, I\'92m flustered, \'94 Erin explained, \'93But I\'92m not really 
\i feeling
\i0  anything.  I thought at first I was in shock, but I\'92m realizing - I\'92m just not feeling anything.  Its kind of weird feeling.\'94\
	\'93I think I know what you mean.\'94  Francis said, rubbing his hands nervously.  \
	\'93And I think, if I read this, I\'92m going to realize alot of things.  Remember them.  And I think that means I\'92ll feel things too.  I don\'92t know what kinds of things, but,\'94 Erin said, noticing smears seemingly caused by tears in the scrawly handwritten note, \'93I don\'92t think they\'92re going to be good things.\'94\
	\'93Can I give you some advice?\'94  Francis asked.  \'93Its 
\i always
\i0  better to feel.  Even if its painful at times, its always better to feel it.\'94\
	Erin nodded, as an egg timer rang in the kitchen.  Francis lifted the teapot and filled Erin\'92s cup first.  \
	\'93Camomile is great for calming nerves.\'94 he said.  \'93I think we\'92re off to a good start.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 7 - Cracking the Spine\
\
	Erin laid flat the small stack of papers on the coffee table, and began to read aloud.\
\
	
\i Everyone,\
\
	First of all - I am so sorry.  \
\
	
\i0 \'93Well, that\'92s a good start.\'94 chimed Francis.  \'93It could have a worse opening line.\'94\
	\'93Please take this seriously.\'94 Erin asked.  \'93You don\'92t have to try to make me feel better about this.  It\'92s not possible.\'94\
	\'93Ok, fair enough.\'94 Francis replied sheepishly.\
\
	
\i First of all - I am so sorry.  I know that some people will hurt from this.  Others will thank God for it.  And regardless who you are, I\'92m sorry, because I feel your pain, and that is part of this for me.  I can\'92t stand to see your pain anymore.  I can\'92t stand to feel everyone\'92s pain all at once.  I am looking at things and trying to sort them out but I see the ending, I know what\'92s going to happen.  Everyone is going to be sorry but it will not be enough.  The last chapter is here and it is not what I wanted or what anyone needed so I am giving up.\
	This is what I do know:  every single person on this earth, everyone I\'92ve met, is\
\

\i0 	Erin flipped the page to its back, only to discover it was empty.  She began to read the second page.\
\
	
\i you\'92ve been able to see this, really.  \
\
	\'93
\i0 This doesn\'92t match up.\'94 Erin said, scanning the rest of the page.  \'93Niether does this one.  I think we\'92re missing pages here.\'94\
	\'93Are you sure?  They didn\'92t just get shuffled?\'94  \
	\'93No, they\'92re definitely missing.  See, there\'92s, numbers on them, in a different color ink.\'94\
	\'93Hmm . . . \'94 Francis watched Erin leaf through them.  \'93Do you think, Chubs,\'94\
	\'93Yeah, probably.\'94  Erin slammed the stack on the table.  \'93Why doesn\'92t he want me to know?  What could I do about it now?\'94  she sighed.  \'93I didn\'92t even think angels existed.  And that\'92s not at all what I thought an angel would be like.\'94\
	\'93No, that wasn\'92t an angel.\'94 Francis corrected.  \
	\'93What makes you say that?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93He didn\'92t know who Jesus was.\'94  Francis said.  \'93An angel would never deny the existence of Jesus.\'94\
	\'93He just asked you for a last name.\'94 Erin laughed.\
	\cb2 \'93And that was not Heaven.  Clearly though, not the point.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, what 
\i is 
\i0 your point?\'94 Erin was beginning to get angry.  \'93Does it really matter if Jesus exists right now?  You two are buds right, what\'92s your plan, get me a VIP pass to heaven?\'94\
	\'93You can\'92t go to heaven!\'94 Francis sneered.  \'93You commited suicide!\'94\
	\'93
\i Excuse me
\i0 ?\'94 Erin stammered.\
	\'93Erin, I\'92m sorry, that was-\'94\
\cb1 	\'93FUCK you Francis, and your whole conception of heaven.  I never asked for heaven.  I want answers,\'94 she held the papers up, \'93and that is enough for me.  I thought you were going to be open minded enough to handle this.\'94\
	\'93No I am, I just know that-\'94\
	\'93You know SHIT Francis.  Are there ghosts in the Bible?  You want to explain that one?\'94\
	\'93Well, i\'92ve got a few theories-\'94\
	\'93THEORIES.  Admit it, you want to follow me BECAUSE YOU DON\'92T KNOW WHAT IS GOING ON.\'94\
	Francis sighed.\
	\'93Listen, I don\'92t care what you think is going on.  But if you want answers like I do, we have to take the clues we\'92re given and not jump to conclusions.  I never said you were wrong.\'94\
	\'93You implied it.  You said you didn\'92t think that there was anything after death, you\'92re clearly wrong about that.\'94\
	\'93
\i Think 
\i0 - key word there.  I\'92ve been given proof to the contrary, and my beliefs have changed.  That\'92s how intelligent people operate.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s not that simple.  That\'92s not intelligence.  You don\'92t have any idea what its like to have convictions - if you did, you\'92d know why I stand up for my faith, even when it seems to be proven against me.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, if I could understand that we\'92d really be screwed.\'94\
	\'93What happened to the mutual respect?\'94\
	\'93Ok, ok\'94 Erin conceded, eyeing the coffee table.  \'93By the way,\'94 she laughed, \'93Why did you pour me a cup of tea?\'94\
	\'93Oh wow . . .\'94 he vexed, removing the cup from in front of her.  \'93This is going to take some getting used to.\'94\
	Erin flipped to page three.  \
	\'93Ok, we\'92re just going to read these in order.  There might be missing pieces, but we should at least be able to gather something.\'94\
	\
This page read - \
	\
	\'93
\i you\'92ve been able to see this really.  Everything we talked about with the two swords and the  wall Ryan, it made perfect sense, I\'92m so sorry I denied it at the time.  And even if that\'92s the reason, this isn\'92t your fault.  Everything you taught me and everything you made me realize had to happen.  It was my fault, if it was anyone\'92s fault it was mine.  I hurt so many people just by existing.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93Who do you think Ryan is?\'94  Francis asked.\
	\'93No way of telling I guess.\'94 Erin replied.\
\
	\'93
\i Our table at Stella\'92s will always be treasured by me.  I know I wasn\'92t always there when you need me to be.  But I am praying that one day I might be able to make that up to you.  You were amazing.  I\'92m sorry it took me so long to figure it out.\
\
	I\'92m feeling worn out.  I am really sorry about the button too.  You can replace it, it won\'92t bother me.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93Hmm,\'94 Erin said.  \'93Well, that\'92s a start . . . \'94 she yawned.  \'93It still doesn\'92t make any sense to me.  I guess I had a thing for being vague.\'94\
	\'93Well, I wouldn\'92t expect the suicide note of a sixteen year old girl to be particularly articulate.  I\'92m sure you were having trouble sorting things out.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, well - Stella\'92s.  Ryan.  Something about a button.  We\'92ve got a good start.  I\'92ll go to Stella\'92s tomorrow.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Are you coming with me?\'94  \
	\'93Yep.\'94  Francis agreed.  \'93I meant what I said.  I\'92ll try not to argue, I want to figure things out too.\'94\
	Erin nodded sleepily.  \'93Sounds like a plan then.  Do you have a place I can sleep?\'94\
	Francis pulled the coffee table forward, and removing the couch cushions, revealed a fold out bed.  \
	\'93Clean sheets and all that.  Never used it.\'94\
	\'93Fantastic!\'94  Erin sang, as she fell backwards onto the bed.  Looking up at Francis she gave a thumbs up.  \'93I\'92m good.  Thank you for everything.\'94\
	\'93No problem.  See you in the morning.\'94\
	Francis took a look a the young girl sprawled on his sofa bed, ruffling the sheets with a tired pandiculation.   There was alot he did not understand, but then again, nothing really makes sense at three o\'92clock in the morning.  \
\
\
\
Chapter 8 - Tangibility and Discretion\
\
	When the morning followed the night Erin lifted her hands above her, and starred at the way they glowed translucent at the edges where the sun was stronger than skin.  She rubbed her soft hands, and then felt the bedsheets and the pillow beneath her head.  \
	It was 6:05.  No sound came from behind Francis\'92 shout door.  \
	Erin wandered to the kitchen to think about food, though she knew she could not make any, nor needed it.  She opened the cupboards and took their stock:  one cabinent was full, entirely, with tea.  Leaves sat stacked in large tupperware containers, with tiny labels, depicted foreign names and directions.  \
		\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \'93Lapsang souchong\
2-3 min.\'94\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 	Erin wondered if the cupboards were really open.  She thought also about the cup of coffee at the diner.  She could taste the bitter sweet crispness on her tongue still.  Erin removed a bag of coffee beans from Francis\'92 freezer, and ground them as quietly as possible in the hand crank appliance sharing counter space with a coffee maker and a french press.  Heating just enough water in the kettle on the stove, Erin matted the grounds into the bottom of the french press and inhaled the intoxicating aroma that began to dispurse about the small apartment.  As the coffee brewed she smeared jelly on two piece of bread, and sat indian style at the foot of her new bed where it bordered with the coffee table.  The sound of water running in Francis\'92 bathroom sent a trickling sound through the old pipes that snaked through the floors, walls, and ceiling.\
	Francis emerged from his bathroom a few minutes later, dressed and with wet hair.  \
	\'93You up already?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93I\'92ve been up.\'94 Erin replied setting her coffee down on the table.  \'93I\'92m actually not 100% sure I need to sleep, but I feel alot better this morning.  Oh, and I think I made coffee!\'94 Erin motioned to a empty coaster on the empty table.  \
	\'93No, I don\'92t think you did.\'94\
	\'93You can\'92t smell it?\'94\
	\'93No.\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94 Erin said, shuffling quickly to the \'93are the cabinets in here open?\'94\
	Francis lauged.  \'93No.  Have you been trying to do things?\'94\
	\'93Yes, and 
\i succeeding.
\i0   I\'92m drinking coffee right now.  And I already had toast with jelly.\'94\
	\'93Is that so?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93And you could taste it?  Touch it and all that?\'94\
	\'93Yes.  Just like at the diner.  I don\'92t know how or why that happens.  Hey, I\'92m curious -\'94 Erin asked, \'93Will you open that cupboard there?\'94\
	\'93This one?\'94 Francis asked, swinging the door open.  The inside was full of tea leaves, with labels on each container.\
	\'93Wow!  This . . . this is weird.  I opened that cabinet, and that\'92s exactly what I saw.  How did I pull that off?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s fantastic.\'94  Francis said, his eyes widening.  \'93This is exactly what you saw?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, and I took some coffee beans from your freezer and used your french press.  But all that stuff reset itself when you came in here.\'94\
	\'93What do you mean?\'94\
	Erin pointed to a spot of tile.  \'93I spilt a whole bunch of coffee grounds right there.  I cleaned it up with that white towel right there,\'94 she said, pointing to a towel rack, \'93And then I realized that it was going to stain it, so I tried to wash it in the sink, and it wouldn\'92t come out, so I got nervous and threw it out your window.  But look, its back!\'94  Erin beamed happily.\
	\'93Umm, that\'92s great . . .\'94 Francis responded.\
	\'93Ok, so this could be helpful.\'94  Erin said.  \'93I can move things around without people seeing, and its accurate.  That\'92s pretty cool.  Now I just wonder if no one else can really see me.\'94\
	\'93Ok, we can test that out.\'94 Francis said, tying his shoes.\
\
	Outside, walking down the sidewalk, Erin shouted loudly at strangers.\
	\'93Hey buddy?  Where ya goin?  Where ya goin?\'94  she chanted as she danced backwards down the sidewalk in front of a middle aged man carrying a briefcase.  Then man looked right through Erin.\
	\'93Ok, I guess no one else can see . . . this . . .\'94 Francis said, attempting to conclude the activity.\
	\'93What about you?\'94 Erin said, hopping in front a young girl carrying a box of cupcakes.  \'93Oh, you\'92re so lucky I\'92m not stealing those right now, I\'92m like a 
\i ninja
\i0 \'94  Erin made several mock swipes at the box.  \'93Gothca, ahhhhhhh!  No more cupcakes!  Francis, this is fun!\'94\
	\'93It appears to be.\'94 \
	Francis walked as casually as possible, trying not to eye Erin to radically when they passed strangers.  Erin had a propensity for drawing his attention to people, then embarrassing him and them with her actions (regardless how visible), and Francis was beginning to look a bit odd, blushing at random people who passed him on the sidewalk.  There was another component to operating effectively, which Francis had noted as soon as they left his complex.  For this reason, a slight detour was made, and the two found their way to a local Radio shack.  \
	\'93You need a bluetooth headset?\'94 the man behind the counter asked.  \'93For what kind of phone?\'94\
	\'93Doesn\'92t matter.\'94 Francis replied.  \
	\'93What?\'94\
	\'93I mean,\'94 Francis corrected himself, \'93does it matter?  I have uh . . this.\'94 Francis showed the man his outdated flip phone.\
	\'93Hmm,\'94 the man said, pulling the door open on glass display case beneath them, \'93Either of these two will work.\'94\
	\'93Ok . . . which one is cheaper?\'94\
	\'93Get the blue one.\'94 Erin interjected.  \'93It\'92s bigger and more obvious.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, maybe,\'94 he agreed.\
	\'93I\'92m sorry?\'94 the counter person asked.\
	\'93Ah, nothing.  I\'92ll take the blue one.\'94\
	\'93Ok . . . \'94 the man said, punching some keys on the register.  \'93That\'92s thirty four sixty five . . .\'94\
	Francis handed the man his card and begin to tear at the corners of the package, opening it with his nails.\
	\'93You want me to show you how to set it up?\'94 the man asked.\
	\'93No, we\'92ll be fine.\'94 Francis said, the device already affixed to his ear.  \
	\'93We?\'94\
	\'93Yes well, goodbye.\'94 Francis murmured, taking his card and receipt and exiting the building as quickly as possible.\
	\'93You better glue that thing to your head, you are bad at this.\'94  Erin mocked.  \'93Why are you so nervous?  YOu were acting like you were 
\i stealing
\i0  something.\'94\
	\'93Its not that easy!\'94  Francis protested, as they made their way back down the street.  \'93You can run up and dance in front of people, I have to pretend like I don\'92t see you.\'94\
	\'93Big deal.  Just ignore me.  Besides, what\'92s going to happen if someone gets suspicious?  I\'92m invisible and dead, that\'92s not a crime.\'94\
	\'93I guess you\'92re right.\'94  Francis conceeded.  \'93Still, I don\'92t want to look like a crazy person.\'94\
	\'93Too late.  You\'92ve got kind of, limited self-perception, you know?\'94\
	\'93What do you mean?\'94 Francis asked, putting his hand to the headset as an elderly couple walked past.  \'93Speak up, I can\'92t hear you.\'94 \
	\'93Oh, shut the hell up!\'94  Erin said, laughing.  \'93You\'92ve got to loosen up a bit.\'94\
	Erin stood politely in front of the door to Stella\'92s, waiting for Francis to open it for her.  \
	\'93Now when we get in there, don\'92t say anything weird.  Don\'92t ask about me directly.  Or maybe do.  Feel it out, I\'92ll back you up.\'94  Erin gave Francis a thumbs up as she entered the shop.  \
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 9 - Manticore\
\
	Inside the small coffee shop, the pungent, piercing scent of expresso melded with the quiet bustle of a dozen or so patrons exchanging pleasantries and conversations across round wooden tables.  The shop was cozy and inviting in the coming cold that was beginning to settle on the town; the worn red brickwork held the heat produced by the small tin furnace.\
	Francis wandered in slowly, not sure exactly where to start.  \
	\'93Ask the barrista!\'94 Erin prodded.  \'93Ask him if there were a boy and a girl who came in here alot.  Don\'92t say our names right away.\'94\
	Francis couldn\'92t nod or confirm that he had heard her, but he walked to the counter and attempted to engage to boy tending it.  \
	\'93What can I get ya?\'94 he asked wiping away a layer of congealing milk from the top of the counter.  \
	\'93Well . . . actually, a latte.\'94\
	\'93Ok, $2.50.\'94\
	Francis pulled out his wallet again.  He was beginning to wonder if this was going to be an expensive journey upon which he had embarked.  \'93And actually, I\'92m loking for someone.  Some people.\'94\
	\'93Oh, you with the group from Sunrise?  They\'92re over there.\'94 the boy pointed to a large table of people.  An older woman smiled and waved, with a friendly but confused look on her face.\
	\'93Oh no no no, not them,\'94 Francis waved to the woman apologetically, \'93I\'92m actually looking for some people that 
\i used
\i0  to come her, or still might.  A young couple, boy and a girl.\'94\
	\'93Do you have any more details than that?\'94 the boy looked confused.  \'93That\'92s pretty much everyone here.\'94\
	\'93Umm, Erin and Ryan.  They were in their teens.\'94\
	\'93What do they look like?\'94\
	\'93Um, Erin is . . . average height, straight dark hair.  Brown eyes.  I don\'92t know about Ryan.  They had a favorite table here.\'94\
	The boy sighed.  The coffee shop was dead, there was no legitimate excuse to ignore the expectant man.  \'93Well, there\'92s a couple that used to come here that was kind of like that, but they haven\'92t been here in like 
\i a year
\i0 , really.  Yeah, cause the guy had this coat they kept talking about, and then she had it, I remember they came here alot.\'94\
	Erin perked up.\
	\'93Did the coat have buttons?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Umm . . .\'94 Francis was making quite the impression on the barrista.\
	\'93Well, do you know anything else about them?\'94\
	\'93Well, I don\'92t even know if this is them, who we\'92re talking about, I\'92m just saying I remember some people 
\i like
\i0  that.  But other than that . . . that\'92s the table they sat at.\'94  The boy pointed to a table facing a large window looking out onto the street.  \'93By the way, how do you know them?\'94\
	\'93Oh, I just, used to know them.  Haven\'92t seen them in a long time.\'94\
	\'93Ok. Well, that\'92s all I know.  Sorry.\'94\
	\'93Ah, that\'92s cool, I wasn\'92t expecting a whole lot.\'94  Francis thanked the young man and grabbed his coffee.  Erin had already seated herself at the aforementioned table.  As Francis sat down, he pretended he was receiving a phone call, answering loudly.\
	\'93HEY.  Yeah, so what do you think?\'94\
	\'93First, I think you are a huge dork.\'94 Erin responded, \'93And second, that\'92s kind of what I was expecting too.  Those clues were a little too vague.\'94  Erin inspected the table for any telling signs of use, names carved into it, etc.  The only visual aberration was a small galvanized nail that protruded from the table top on Francis\'92 side.  \
	Erin looked out the window.  The view held a faint sentimentality to her, and she realized that for the first time she was feeling the vagueness of a memory, at least its feeling, like a dream she had forgotten until the late afternoon, when all chances of recovering it was lost.\
	\'93I feel something,\'94 Erin explained to Francis, \'93But its not enough to go on.\'94  Erin pulled out her note.  \'93Ok, that\'92s one person down.\'94 \
	Erin pointed to the next title under the paragraph about Ryan, which read \'93
\i Dear Matt
\i0 \'94.  \'93I was looking over it this morning, and it looks like from here I address people specifically.  This might be a huge help.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, that is good.\'94  Francis bemused.  \'93Maybe you were more poised when you were writing it than I was giving you credit for.  And we\'92re already at a good start.  Who\'92s next?\'94\
	\'93Some guy named Matt.\'94 Erin said. \
\
	\'93
\i Dear Matt -\
	\
		You are a righteous person, I know this now.  No one else will understand you either, that\'92s certain.  I barely do, and it hurts my heart.  You are wrong for me, you are wrong for everyone, and in being so you\'92re what everyone wants, loves, and admires.  It is sick and sad what happens.  The pictures we took in the dark interiors documented our descent, but they were the most beautiful and real things I could possibly imagine.  There\'92s still an undeveloped disposable camera in my room somewhere - I just couldn\'92t bring myself to develop them, I\'92m afraid of what I\'92ll see.  I\'92m upset enough with myself, I didn\'92t want there to be evidence haunting me too.  Still, I couldn\'92t bring myself to throw them out, either.  There\'92s something important there, if you can see past all the ugliness and imperfection.  I couldn\'92t.  But once I\'92m gone, I\'92m leaving that decision to you.  \
I will miss parts of you more than I miss the wholes of most people.\'94\
\

\i0 	Erin soaked in the message.  \'93That one was alot more direct.\'94 she said.\
	\'93Is reading this doing anything for your memory?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Not really,\'94 she responded, \'93But . . . it seems familiar, at least.  Maybe if I can get to a place where these memories originate, like being here, I\'92ll start to feel it again.\'94\
	\'93Or,\'94 Francis interjected, \'93We could meet someone who actually knows you and just ask them.\'94\
	Erin laughed, \'93Yeah, I guess that\'92s a pretty solid idea too.\'94  Erin mused languidly over the wrinked pages.  \'93 . . . Still, I don\'92t know if anyone else could tell me exactly what I want to know.  I\'92m not sure another person would exactly understand.  I need to know the facts, sure, but in the end, I think this is something I\'92ll have to feel to understand for myself.\'94\
	\'93Fair enough.\'94 Francis agreed.  \'93Either way, I think we\'92ve got a good strategy going.\'94 \
	\'93The only problem is, this one is giving us even less information.\'94  Erin lamented.  \'93We have Matt, and a disposable camera in my room, which is god knows where.  Not even a last name.  Come to think of it,\'94 Erin cocked her head, \'93I don\'92t even know what 
\i my
\i0  last name is.  That would sure make our search alot easier.  Knowing who my parents are and where they lived, we could probably find all sorts of clues.\'94 \
	Francis nodded in agreement.  \'93For now I guess we should just keep reading, and see if one of the entries gives us something we can hold onto and use.\'94\
	Erin agreed.  \'93Ok.  Let\'92s see who\'92s next . . .\'94 Erin thumbed through the note.  \'93We\'92ve got another missing page here.  5 and 6.  Page 7 starts with the last part of the previous paragraph:\
\
	
\i mom and dad.  Don\'92t blame yourselves, you raised me the best you could. I still don\'92t know whether what happened to John in the tunnels was my fault or not.  If I hadn\'92t broke the lock, we never would have gotten in.  Did you know I kept it?  Its keeping shut the chest in my room; I\'92m not going to tell you the combination, because you don\'92t need to see what\'92s inside it.  You might want to open it, but all that\'92s inside are more mementos from those days.  You did your best to erase it from my mind and keep me from getting hurt because of it, now its my turn.  Please destroy the chest, or bury it with me.\
  \
	I\'92m glad we moved, I still am, I think all of this would have come up eventually and there was really no point in hiding it, but you did your best and I love you both so much for it.  This was my decision.  I\'92m so sorry, I know this is going to hurt you both so much.
\i0 \'94\
\

\i 	
\i0 \'93Who\'92s John?\'94  Francis wondered out loud.  \'93What do you think happened?  There\'92s already too many people and events to keep track of.\'94  \
	\'93I know,\'94 Erin concurred, \'93I don\'92t even know where to start with this.\'94  She frowned quietly to herself.  \'93Do you think . . . maybe, that I was a bad person?\'94  The ink bled through the parts about John.  \'93All I\'92ve been doing so far is apologizing to people.  I keep alluding to me making some huge mistake somewhere.  Don\'92t you usually get angry and blame people in a suicide note?  At least a little bit?  I\'92m not doing any of that.  What if . . . I had a good reason?\'94\
	\'93
\i No one
\i0 \'94, Francis corrected, \'93
\i NO 
\i0 one 
\i deserves 
\i0 to die.\'94  Francis was turning red with anger of the very idea.  \'93There is nothing you can do that you can\'92t be forgiven for.  Death is never a fair penance for a mistake, especially so young.  Besides, so far this sounds like you\'92ve just hurt alot of people emotionally.  That\'92s easy, almost unavoidable when you\'92re young.  Maybe you just got carried away.  Said some things you didn\'92t mean.  So far its all been boys, maybe you\'92re just a heart breaker.  You are pretty cute.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know.\'94 Erin said, smiling, \'93Maybe Matt and Ryan . . . but John, what happened to him in the tunnels, because I broke a lock?  That my parents had to keep me from getting hurt because of it?  That sounds serious.\'94\
	\'93Everything sounds serious when you\'92re a sixteen year old girl.  I think you\'92re reading to far into it.\'94\
	\'93Well, you have kind of an idealistic streak, wouldn\'92t you say?  You freak out when kids tell you they\'92ve done something wrong, you don\'92t want to believe it.\'94\
	\'93Yeah well, you\'92re a nice girl.  A good girl.\'94\
	\'93Thank you.  I feel the same way.  But I don\'92t know much about myself.  I feel like there are some things surfacing here.  Dark things.  But its still hard to see what any of this is about.\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94 Francis pulled out a napkin from a dispenser on a table and a pen from his pocket, and began to make a list.  \'93I see some things reoccurring here.  All of your entries are giving us three things:  A person, a place and an object of some sort.\'94  On the napkin he drew three boxes, and divide each box into three rows.  \'93So far we have Ryan, Stella\'92s, and a button of some sort.  There\'92s Matt, the disposable camera, and the \'91dark interiors\'92.  And then we have John, with the locked chest in your room.\'94\
	\'93Hmm, that\'92s interesting . . .\'94 Erin said.  \'93You\'92re right though.  If we can find any of those things, I\'92m sure we\'92ll be alot closer.\'94\
	\'93Correct.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Ok, I\'92ll put a note by what we found at Stella\'92s.  You said you felt something?\'94\
	\'93Yes.  Like, sort of sentimental.  I wasn\'92t feeling anything, like at all, before that.\'94\
	\'93Ok good.\'94  Francis said.  \'93And we\'92ve confirmed that two young people used to come here, perhaps matching your description, and that there was something about a coat . . .\'94  Francis scribbled hurriedly on the tiny napkin.  \'93Alright.  So we are looking for:  Matt, Ryan, or John.  Your house, and the dark interiors.  A button, a camera, and a chest you keep locked.\'94\
	\'93Haha, its like an I Spy book.\'94 Erin pointed out.  \'93Alright, we\'92ll keep those in mind.  But that still nothing to go on.  We\'92ve still got several pages . . . halfway down page 7, I write to someone named Erica.\'94\
	The boy behind the counter rubbed the table tops with a damp rag, watching Francis nodded invisibly to some unseen force before him as he attacked another napkin with his pen.  He was reading to far into it, he knew, but the man suspicious man was leaving an indelible impression on him.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 10 - I am a C\
\
	\'93
\i Dear Erica - 
\i0 \
	\
		
\i You and me are not so different.  We had our share of differences, sure, and I know we mainly just fought.  But like Matt, there are parts of you I think I understand perfectly, and other parts I don\'92t think anyone ever will.  \
	You loved so fully.  And not just God and our church, but everyone.  You bring an energy to every Sunday morning, every retreat and mission trip that cannot be outwardly described.  You are in every sense a true and wonderful disciple of Christ.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93WAIT a minute!\'94 Francis yelped.  \'93
\i Our
\i0  church?  Oh man!\'94\
	\'93No, I could just be saying,, I think this could be interpreted as-\'94\
	\'93YOU were a 
\i CHRISTIAN
\i0 !\'94  Francis exclaimed.\
	\'93Wait, let me keep reading!\'94 Erin said.\
\
	\'93
\i But your love is flawed.  Its excessive and spilling out from you.  This is not your fault, I don\'92t blame you for it, but its easy for people to point to and critique.  It makes you want to do the same in others.  Its human nature.  They way we were both treated, even if by eachother, was not compassionate, it was not fair.  We were not being good Christians, not that it matters at this point.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93Wow.\'94 Erin sighed.  \'93It certainly sounds like I was.\'94\
	\'93This is fantastic!\'94 Francis exclaimed.  \'93See, I knew God was using me in some way through you.  This is truly amazing Erin.\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t get all excited!\'94 Erin protested.  \'93I\'92m not a Christian now, even if I was.\'94\
	\'93Well, you don\'92t know that - maybe as you realize things - \'94\
	\'93NO, I\'92m confident I\'92m not.  No amount of perspective could change that.\'94\
	\'93See, why is it ok for you to be narrow-minded and not me?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93You have to be open to the idea of faith.  It seems like you were at one point.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, and then I killed myself.\'94  Erin pointed out.  Francis sat soberly in silence.\
	\'93And god didn\'92t save me, did he?  He didn\'92t even have the decency to tell me that I had died.  What does the Bible say about suicides anyway, Francis?  Huh?\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94  Francis said, \'93Its sort of a  . . . tricky grey area.\'94\
	\'93Great.  Just awesome.  So Stella\'92s coffee, is this the grey area?  Purgatory, if you will?\'94\
	\'93Actually, I\'92m Lutheran, we don\'92t believe in purgatory.\'94  Francis pointed out.\
	\'93Of course.  You only believe in the things you 
\i can\'92t
\i0  see or feel.  Not the big sloppy puddle of grey you\'92ve been wadding in for all of your life.\'94  Erin sipped a cup of coffee only she could see.  \'93Its probably the only place we\'92re ever going to see.\'94\
	\'93You don\'92t know that.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Any more than I do.  Look at where we were when we met Chubs - that, that could be heaven . . .\'94\
	\'93You said it wasn\'92t.\'94 Erin said.  She was somewhere before sobs, her eyes a delicate pinkish red.  \'93You said it couldn\'92t be because Chubs didn\'92t know who Jesus was.\'94\
	\'93 . . . He just asked for a last name.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Look, I\'92m just trying to stay open minded.\'94\
	\'93Thank you.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I appreciate it.\'94  She wiped the corner of her eye with a single finger.  \'93Ok, let\'92s keep this going.\'94\
\
	\'93
\i Now I want to tell you that I\'92m truly sorry.  I think  The part that I understand of you is etched into the frame of the tire swing in Foxrun park.  That night continues to stand out in my mind as a defining moment in my life.  You told me your thoughts and I think we made peace there, or at least a truce; not just with eachother, but with the world.  It is hard to be young.  And I forgive you for it.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93
\i Now
\i0  we\'92re getting somewhere!\'94 Francis conveyed excitedly.  \'93I know 
\i exactly
\i0  where that is.\'94\
	\'93Me too.\'94 Erin said, at last perking up from the sad disposition she had fallen into.  \'93And that\'92s a place 
\i and
\i0  an object.  That should give us alot more to work with.\'94\
	\'93Shall we?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Let\'92s.\'94\
	It was almost noon, and the sun shone brightly outside, despite the crisp wind.  The park was very close to Stella\'92s, it would not take long to walk there.	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 11 - Tire Swing\
\
	Scarves fluttered off the small children in the park like passive ghost considering whether or not the kids were worth the energy to strangle.  The cool grey morning hung like chicken dumplings in the sky, keeping warm the yellowy orange broth of dying leaves that swirled through the air and onto the ground where the met with crunches beneath Francis and Erin\'92s shoes.  \
	Entering from the south west corner, the expansive, undulating park grass rose upwards gradually in the distance, a large playscape sitting on top of it.  They were still far away, but it appeared that there were were only a few occupants phlegmatically pacing the dirt and grass.\
	Erin smiled.  \'93I\'92m feeling something again.\'94 She said.  \
	\'93Yeah?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93Memories?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know.\'94 she mused.  \'93Excitement, I think.  I feel a little mischievous, or something.  It feels warm also.  I feel happy.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s good.\'94  Francis said as the paced a wide sidewalk leading up to the park.  \'93Maybe this is a place you and your friends spent time.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I wonder if I had alot of friends . . . I wonder if we spent alot of time in parks like this.\'94\
	\'93Sounds plausible.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Almost certain, I\'92d say.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m really curious to find out about them.\'94 she said.  \'93I wonder what kind of people I attracted?  I wonder what we did.  I\'92m just feeling this nice glow right now.\'94 she said.\
	The two made thier way to the top of the park, where the a few children amused themselves on a swingset and a few animals with handlebars that rocked back and forth on springs.  The age of the children were very young; it was Thursday, and most children were in school.  \
	Sure enough, in the corner of park, there was a tire swing.  Francis, began to approach the swing carefully, to avoid strange looks from the many adults; but Erin ran towards it chaotically.  \
	\'93Ok, an engraving, right?  Let\'92s see what we\'92ve got here - \'94 Erin leaned forward and touched the swing, and as her finger tips made contact with the cool, splintery wooden frame, a rush of sweet, fragrant air filled her - not just her lungs, but it was as though her body itself had opened a thousand tiny air vents that caught an unseen jet stream that blew a pure, clean autumn into her soul.  Erin began to remember.\
	\
	The sun was setting.  Not fully yet, but the orb turned red and large in the western sky and painted the ground in thick stripes of shadows and auburn light. It was fall here too.  People danced in the fading light, people Erin\'92s age.  \
	The tire swing sailed merrily around in dizzying circles, Erin and Erica cradled snugly between the three chains anchoring them to the sky.\
	\'93I\'92m getting siiiiickk!\'94 Erin cried happily.\
	\'93Gooood!\'94 Erica yelled back.  She dug her feet into the dirt in front of them. \'93Arghh!  I still have a headache.  Stupid boys.\'94\
	\'93STUPID BOYS!\'94 Erin echoed, hands cupped to her face like a megaphone, towards the other side of the park.  \
	\'93I\'92m not even upset about it any more.\'94  Erica said.  \'93They\'92re all a bunch of liars.  And PERVERTS!\'94\
	\'93Do you think some of it was our fault?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93I feel like, I don\'92t know.  That we wanted it to, and that maybe we know what was happening, but we didn\'92t stop it til just now.  I mean, I didn\'92t think they would take it so seriously.\'94\
	\'93No, definitely not!  Well yeah, probably a little.\'94\
	Erin leaned back and hung upside down from the tire swing.  \'93Why aren\'92t we dating any of them?\'94\
	Erica sighed.  \'93I don\'92t know.  I think God\'92s love is supposed to be enough.  Something like that.  I don\'92t know, but everyone would act weird if we did.\'94\
	\'93Mission trips 
\i would
\i0  be awkward.  All of us sleeping on the floor of the gym.  It takes all the focus off what\'92s important when you\'92re thinking about with somebody\'92s sneaking away to make out with someone.  Probably happens anyway though . . .\'94\
	\'93Yeah, it does.\'94 Erica said, a birdy smile creeping to her face.\
	\'93Oh my god, are you 
\i kidding
\i0 ?  With who?\'94\
	\'93Ahhhhh it\'92s embarrassing!  I can\'92t say.  I\'92m just saying, it happens.\'94\
	\'93But you guys never dated?  Cause I thought you\'92ve never had a boyfriend, like a real one.\'94\
	\'93No.  I wanted to, definitely.  But we 
\i can\'92t
\i0 .  Like you said.  When we were in Mexico Bryan and I kissed.  Alot.  And I really liked him but it was too weird, since we were supposed to be on a church trip but all I could think about was him.\'94  Erica dug at the dirt complacently with the toe of her shoe.  \'93It wasn\'92t just like, he was hot and I wanted to kiss him either.  He was a really good guy.  And he really liked me too.  It was just . . . bad timing.\'94\
	\'93That sucks.\'94 Erin said sympathetically.  \
	\'93You know,\'94 Erica said carefully, \'93I know this goes against what we\'92re supposed to believe a little bit, but I don\'92t feel like God\'92s love is infinite, or enough for me.  Don\'92t get me wrong,\'94 she said, \'93I feel God\'92s love and all that.  I\'92m really saved.  But, God\'92s love isn\'92t physical.\'94\
	\'93Eww, EROS!\'94 Erin laughed.  \'93You\'92re not supposed to want that kind of love.  Until you\'92re married at least.\'94\
	\'93Well, then how come I do?\'94 Erica asked.  \'93Why is it wrong for me to want to be close to another human being?  Why does everyone think that\'92s so weird?  It\'92s instinct, why do we act like its not real?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know . . .\'94 Erin said.  \'93Maybe, because its easier?  You know, than confronting the things that we aren\'92t supposed to feel?  I guess I do that too.\'94\
	\'93Yeah?\'94\
	\'93Yeah well,\'94 The sun was almost completely set by now.  The grassy field around them hummed a vibrant purple, the colors of the whole world soaked in a plum color.  \'93Well, I know how you feel.  I want that kind of love too.  I don\'92t know why, I know the feelings are wrong, but I feel them anyway.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t think the feelings are wrong.\'94 Erin said, gazing off across the park.  \'93I think that we deserved to be loved that way.  I think that God wants that for us.\'94\
	Erin nodded.\
	\'93But not with those idiots.\'94 Erica said.  \'93I want love, from a real guy, not whatever those little boys are peddling!\'94\
	They laughed.  \'93I know!\'94 Erin agreed.  \'93I guess its going to take a while.  Right now I can\'92t think of anyone that could love me enough.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s not true!\'94 Erica said.  \'93We don\'92t need boys.  We don\'92t need anyone.  I generate my own love.  You do too, we all do.\'94\
	\'93I like that theory.\'94 Erin said.  \
	Erika picked up an angular rock, and began to carve sharp letterforms into the frame of the tireswing. \'93We should always remember this.\'94 she said, \'93Whenever boys, god, whoever, let us down.\'94\
\
	Erin let out a heavy exhale, and found herself standing back in the park, midday.  Her hand still grasped the tire swing\'92s support, and moving it she revealed a message scrawled in the post:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 NOBODY CAN EVER LOVE US LIKE WE CAN\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 	\'93Did you find anything?\'94 Francis spoke quite loudly into his bluetooth from a nearby bench.  \'93Everything alright?\'94\
	\'93Was I standing here the whole time?\'94 Erin asked, exasperated.  \'93Did I like, disappear or anything?\'94\
	\'93No, what do you mean?\'94 he asked.  \
	\'93I just - when I touched the tire swing I felt something.  I saw things too.  I just saw Erica, I saw the moment we had here, that I wrote about.\'94\
	\'93Really?!\'94 Francis asked, visibly surprised.  \'93No, nothing happened, you just walked up, touched it, and then started saying this to me, all in like five seconds.\'94\
	\'93This 
\i is
\i0  fantastic!\'94 Erin beamed.  The two absconded from the park with the new piece of information, the sweet smell of nostalgia wafting behind them.\
\
\
Chapter 12 - What did I do?\
\
	Francis had made another pot of tea in his still, warm apartment.\
	\'93Are you sure you don\'92t need to be at work or something?\'94 Erica asked.  \'93You can take a whole day off?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I mean, I don\'92t really work again til Sunday.  I should be planning I guess.  And maybe hanging around the church in case someone wants to talk to me.  But like I said, I\'92m not doing that anymore.\'94\
	\'93Not at all?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know.  I mean, I can\'92t really quit my job.  But I don\'92t think that\'92s my calling anymore.  I feel like things have changed dramatically for me, especially with meeting you - let\'92s just say I\'92m playing it by ear.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94  Erin said.  \'93Well let me know if this becomes too much for you.\'94\
	\'93I will, but it won\'92t.  Like I said, I\'92m in this.  I want to know what\'92s going on too.  So tell me what you saw.\'94\
	\'93Oh!\'94 Erin told Francis what she had seen, down to every last detail - the colors, the shapes, the tones of every blade of glass. \'93And its not even like I 
\i just
\i0  saw it,\'94 she explained, \'93It feels like a memory now.  A really vivid one.  I remember it happening, not just seeing it.\'94\
	\'93Hmm.\'94 he said.  \'93That\'92s really interesting.  So Erica, you think she went to church with you?\'94\
	\'93It sounds like it.  She talked about a time we were in Mexico together.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, churches do that.  I\'92ve taken my kids on mission trips before.\'94\
	\'93Yes!  Mission trip.  We talked about mission trips.  I think we went on some together.  I sounded really concerned about them.  Neither of us were dating, except she was kissing boys because she felt like she had to hide that side of herself.\'94\
	\'93I can understand that.\'94  Francis said.  \'93We always tell our students not to fall in love while we\'92re on one.\'94\
	\'93But what if that happens?  Surely it happens.\'94\
	\'93Well, not if you\'92re focused on the mission.  The idea is to submerge yourself completely into the activity you\'92re doing, for God.\'94\
	\'93Did you go on mission trips?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93Yeah, all through high school.\'94\
	\'93And you never fell in love?  Its got to be hard when you\'92re all sleeping in a big room together, like Erica said.\'94\
	\'93Not if you\'92re focused, like I said.  I never dated any of the girls during a mission trip.\'94\
	\'93Really?  That\'92s kind of sad.  You never had a girlfriend?\'94\
	\'93I didn\'92t say that!\'94 Francis stammered.  \'93I had a girlfriend.\'94\
	\'93Did you guys break up or something during church trips or something?\'94\
	\'93No, we . . . we never made it to a mission trip.\'94\
	\'93What about now?  You\'92re single now I imagine, or else you wouldn\'92t be letting a dead girl sleep on your sofa bed.\'94\
	Francis laughed.  \'93Yeah, no, I\'92m single.\'94\
	\'93For a while now?\'94 Erin asked, clutching a pillow in her arms like she were at a slumber party.  Outside it was dark, the night came in through the open windows an permeated the apartment in a quiet peace.\
	\'93Why do you care about my dating life?\'94 he asked.  \'93No, I don\'92t have a girlfriend.  I\'92m trying to set an example.\'94\
	\'93Whhhaaaaaaaatever!\'94 Erin mocked.  \'93An example of what?  Bitter solitude?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not bitter!\'94 Francis protested.  \'93I\'92m not.  I just haven\'92t found anyone as amazing as her.\'94\
	\'93Tell me about her.\'94 Erin cajoled, eyes wide and listening.\
	\'93Well,\'94 Francis began, hesitantly, \'93She could sing.  Like you could not believe.  We used to sing together.\'94\
	\'93Back when you were in the worship band?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93Yeah.  We were unstoppable.\'94\
	\'93What happened?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93Ahh . . .\'94 Francis looked into his cup of tea.  \'93I . . . I don\'92t really want to talk about it.  It\'92s a really long story.\'94\
	\'93Ok, ok!\'94 Erin said, sensing she had stumbled upon a sore subject.  \'93You still talk to her at least?\'94\
	\'93Sometimes.\'94 Francis said.\
	\'93Well that\'92s good.  Maybe one day you\'92ll be able to get over her.\'94\
	\'93Perhaps.\'94 Francis said.  \'93But let\'92s talk about you - \'94\
	\'93Ok!\'94 Erin said, smiling sweetly.\
	\'93Where do we go next?\'94\
	\'93Let\'92s see,\'94 Erin said, \'93We know that I went to church.  And I went on mission trips.  And that boys are stupid.  Unfortunately, as cool as that little memory trip was, it didn\'92t offer alot of information.  I guess we should return to the note.\'94  Erin pulled it from her sweater pocket. \'93Let us continue then.\'94\
	\
	\'93
\i Dear Ann,\
\
	I am sorry, most of all, to you.  I don\'92t think an explanation is necessary.  I am so sorry.\'94\
\
\
	\'93
\i0 Dammit!
\i \'94 
\i0 Erin exclaimed.  \'93This has got to be the most vague suicide note ever.  This is not helping us at all.  And the next two pages are missing!\'94  Erin extended her middle finger towards the ceiling.  \'93You see that Chubs?!  That\'92s for you!  You\'92re a dick!\'94\
	\'93Ok now,\'94 Francis interceded, \'93Let\'92s not blame others.  Yes, maybe Chubs took some of your pages.  But you\'92re missing an important factor.  Whatever this is you\'92re alluding to, its got to be big.  Big enough that everyone reading the not must be able to know what you\'92re talking about with you having to explain it.  That\'92s more of a benefit than a hindrance.  If we can start to chip away at it, there\'92s a good chance we\'92re going to find the key to all of this.\'94\
	\'93Hmm,\'94 Erin considered.  \'93You\'92re probably right.  But I\'92m a little afraid of it.  Ann, you\'92re just another person I\'92m apologizing to.\'94  she scanned to the next page, which once again skipped to another addressee.  \'93What did I do to you?\'94 she asked the page.\
	\'93Don\'92t blame yourself just yet, either.\'94 Francis added.  \'93You\'92re clearly a cathartic, apologetic suicide.  Let\'92s not jump to conclusions.\'94\
	Erin continued onto the next paragraph, reading aloud.\
	\
	\'93
\i Dear Kevin - \
\
	What a horrible time for you to become youth pastor.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93Ok!\'94 Francis cheered.  \'93Now we\'92re getting somewhere.  This should give us alot more to go on.\'94\
\
	\'93
\i I\'92m sorry for what I did to your congregation.  Whether it was completely my fault or not, I played a role.  I was the cataclysm  the youth group wrapped itself around.  I brought us down by association.  Before I showed up, Sunrise UMC was a quiet, happy place.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93YES!\'94 they both cheered.\
	\'93We have a location!\'94 Erin said happily.\
	\'93Whoa . . .\'94 Francis said, a bit shocked.  \'93Those were the people from the coffee shop this morning, remember?\'94\
	\'93Ohhhhh, the group that waved to you at Stella\'92s?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  That\'92s interesting.  Sorry, go on.\'94\
	\
	\'93
\i I know you probably thought the bouncy balls on the roof were just the beginning, and I suppose you were right.  I\'92m really not the mischievous type, not that it matters now, like I\'92ve said.  You can think whatever you want.  The rumors were true, everything, that I  know of.  I\'92m sorry you got stuck with the likes of me.  But I never did anything destructive on purpose.  Never did I wish the group any harm.  I know that this might be hard to grasp in retrospect, not having lived it yourself, but all I wanted was to feel, for an instant, that forgiveness you preached so adamantly, and for a minute, I did.  The youth group at Sunrise provided so much for me, so much more than I ever had before I moved here.  In a short year my life here has been enhanced beyond my wildest imagination.  The way I was treated in my old town no one could approve of, but maybe after this it seems right.  Maybe I am a servant of Satan.  Maybe I\'92ve been redeemed.  In the end, however, I was a servant of my heart.  It may not be right with god, but it is right with me.
\i0 \'94\
\
	Erin winced.  \'93This one freaks me out . . .\'94\
	Francis had opened the laptop at his desk.  \'93I\'92m looking up Sunrise.  We should check it out tomorrow.\'94\
	\'93Hmm, I\'92m not so sure,\'94 Erin said hesitantly, \'93It sounds like I made a big mess there.  Do we really want to go in asking about some dead girl, that commit suicide, that everyone probably hates?\'94\
	\'93Stop it, you\'92re doing it again.  You shouldn\'92t trust the note.  That\'92s the worst case scenario, your lowest points.  Remember the memory you had?  Wasn\'92t it a happy one?\'94\
	\'93True,\'94 Erin conceeded, \'93Everything seemed normal in it.  I wonder why I did it then . . .\'94 Erin considered what little she knew of herself, and the world she had left.  \'93Before we do anything like that, though, let\'92s finish off the note.  I want to know more before we go into something like that.  Besides, what would you say to the people there?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I could make something up.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, cause you\'92ve been great at improv so far.  Let\'92s spend tomorrow chasing down whatever else we can, and if it doesn\'92t turn up anything, we\'92ll go to Sunrise on Friday.\'94\
	\'93Ok, that sounds fair.\'94 Francis said.  \'93How many pages have we got left anyway?\'94\
	\'93Only four.\'94 Erin said despairingly.  \'93And only two people - Karen, and Pastor McGregor.\'94\
	\'93Wow.\'94 Francis said.  \'93That last one sounds ominous.  You wrote to a pastor?\'94\
	\'93Yeah . . .\'94 Erin said.  \'93Man, I\'92m worried.\'94\
	\'93Do you want to rest, and take these all in tomorrow?\'94\
	\'93No I want to do this now.\'94 Despite the obvious strain Erin had been under, her eyes looked full and awake, the waning moon reflecting in their glossy sheen.  \'93I don\'92t see myself sleeping until this is all laid to rest anyway.  I want to know.\'94\
	\'93Ok, \'94 Francis \'93Just . . . don\'92t push yourself too hard.\'94\
	Erin laid out final page before her.  \'93You staying up with me?\'94\
	\'93Definitely.\'94 he said.  \'93I want to know too.\'94\
\
	\'93
\i Karen - \
\
		You are beautiful.  Don\'92t let anyone tell you different.  And you are smart, but you are not always right.  Your mother taught you strange things, I\'92m sorry, its true.  The things you think you know you don\'92t, that can be said for everyone.  Everyone in the church, we all suffer equally from the short-sightedness of humanity.  We guess and take shots in the dark.  We are educated but still we are not always right.  I forgive you for everything, I hope you can forgive me.  We never hated you.  Don\'92t take out my actions on the rest of the church.  You deserve forgiveness and acceptance too, I\'92m sorry we never gave it to you.  I treasure the painting you made for me, I\'92m sorry I made you take it back.  I still don\'92t know what it means, I was going to ask you about it, but I think I\'92ve missed my chance.  I still get to see it every time I\'92m in the library, and the more I stare at it, the more I wish I could have kept it hanging in my room.  I have a feeling that if I would have given you more time, the painting and you would make alot more sense.  I\'92m sorry I didn\'92t give it a chance too.\
		Let\'92s agree to disagree.  Please, this would mean alot to me.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93Add the library to the top of the list of place to go tomorrow.\'94 Erin said, pointing to Francis without looking up.\
	\'93Gotcha.\'94  Francis said.  \'93What do you think made her take the painting back?\'94\
	\'93Just another entry in the long list of questions I already have.  Quick, let\'92s knock out this last one.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Pastor McGregor.\'94  \
	\'93
\i Pastor McGregor - \
\
	I am so sorry I have ruined your church, your life, and everything you know.  Maybe my death will bring you peace, though I fear it may be too late for that.  I fear the seams I\'92ve torn out will never mend again.  \
	You are, and forever will be, the kindest old man I have ever met.  Much like Kevin, you found yourself in charge of the wrong things at the wrong time.  Your hands wrought nothing but compassion, but you reaped nothing but pain.  You put your trust in me and I failed you.  You did exactly what I would like to think Jesus would do, yet this is what you are given as penance.  I am so, so sorry.  It was an accident, I mean it Pastor, and I know you\'92ve heard that one before.  You, more than anyone, I want to believe that I am if not good, an average person.  I am not evil.  I am not possessed.  No demon, real or metaphorical, guides me any more than any other human being.  I am a normal girl.\
\
	Pastor, I know there is nothing I could possibly do or say to reverse the things that have already happened.  But before writing this, I put the gloves you gave me on Ann\'92s grave.  I\'92m sure you\'92ll know who did so, and why.  As you\'92ve told me, the sowing never stops.  The reaping has yet to begin.  I pray that before your time comes that you are able to see just one lowly sprout in the massive sea of dirt you have tilled so diligently.
\i0 \'94\
	\
	The bottom of the page was soaked to near bleed with tear stains.\
	\'93Oh my gooood . . .\'94 Erin whimpered sadly, \'93What did I do?\'94  She turned the page to its blank back, stacked them neatly in a corner of the coffee table.  \'93I\'92m glad that\'92s the last one.  I can\'92t read anymore . . .\'94\
	Francis nodded sympathetically.  \'93It\'92s ok, its ok.  Like I said before.  This is the worst you\'92ve ever felt, what\'92s written in that note.  You can\'92t expect it not to feel awful.  But its not necessarily that bad.  Stay open minded, we still don\'92t understand what happened.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not sure I want to know.\'94  Erin turned to her back on the sofa bed.  \'93What if this is heaven?\'94 she asked.  \'93What if this is the most peace I\'92m going to get?  What if this is the greatest gift I could be given, to not remember what I did in my life?\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t say that.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I know what Heaven is.  And this isn\'92t it.\'94\
	A car alarm pulsed sadly in the cold night air, filling the stillness that occupied the quiet cloudless skies, and the hush spread in through the drafty windows until there was nothing left to say.\
	Francis departed to his room.  Erin could hear him running water, and the opening and closing of closet doors, and then nothing.  \
	In the darkness Erin lie, watching the reflected glimmers of headlights and distant lamps paint the textured ceiling in streaks.  Dying leaves danced bitterly on the ends of branches, rattling like a field of dreaming rattlesnakes, while the quiet rush of car tires swept the ground softly in billowy crescendos.  A silent tear dampened her eyes.\
	Arising Erin went to the window and opened it - there was no screen covering it - and leaning her head out, she peered down three stories to the dark, damp sidewalk, and felt the air wisp her long hair in different directions as it pushed its way through alleyways and streets in dramatic gusts.  Here her tears blended seamlessly with the light, foggy rain that was begining to saturate the night outside.  \
	
\i Why?, 
\i0 she asked herself.  Why and what.  But mainly why.  Erin sat on the window sil and wondered the many whys that present themselves at night, even to a living person, when the day in your chest has refused to quit.  \
\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 13 - Chiaroscuro\
	\
	When the sun rose, if it could be called that on a morning like it was, Erin could see that the day would be miserable - caked behind a sky of grey callouses the sun.  With a cup of coffee in her hand Erin stared into the coccon wrapped city and noted the slightly darker tone the morning took.  When Francis emerged Erin was already standing at the door.  \
	\'93Make some toast or something, fast.\'94 Erin commanded.  \'93The library is already open.\'94\
	Feverishly Erin crossed streets, blindly ignoring the solid red palms warning her against doing so.\
	\'93Please slow down!\'94  Francis called helplessly.  \'93I . . . I can\'92t understand what you\'92re saying.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m sorry.\'94 she answered, returning to his side.  \'93I\'92m just - this might be the big break we need.  If the painting is in there, and I can get more memories from it, who know what new information we can get from it.\'94\
	The library where Francis and Erin lived was large and stately - when the town had first been established it had been only a small, grey stone annex - it had since been added to and expanded, into a scrawling expanse of books and reference, and cultural utility.  The same grey stone, which was found prominently throughout the area, had been used to build the rest of the building, but with the age of the rock separated by nearly a hundred years, facades and walls shown in different shades and textures, like M.C. Escher drawing.  The floor was also a polished stone, and the interior echoed with the quiet clacking of shoes.  Everyone\'92s shoes except Erin\'92s.\
	In the enormous hallway Francis and Erin began to split up, but then thought better of it.  Together they wandered to an information counter, where a girl with curly blonde hair had glasses sat, reading no less.  \
	\'93Excuse me,\'94 Francis asked, \'93But is there an area of the library where art is displayed?\'94\
	\'93Art?\'94 the girl asked.  \'93Yes, if you go down that hallway there,\'94 she said matter-of-factly, with one eye still on her book, \'93your first left will take to a narrow hallway where we have a rotation of pieces going.\'94\
	\'93Thank you.\'94 Francis said warmly, smiling a cheesy grin to an invisible girl next to him.  \
	\'93This is going well!\'94 Francis remarked as they walked away. \
	\'93I don\'92t know, 
\i rotation
\i0 ,\'94 Erin vexed, \'93What are the chances of the painting being there after a year?  We don\'92t even know what it looks like.\'94\
	\'93Well, we know it was painted by a girl named Karen.  I\'92m sure they have the artist\'92s names on display as well.\'94\
	Turning the corner, the two found themselves in an extremely narrow hallway, lined with rows of display cases sunken into the walls, with various works of art inside them.  Francis on the left, Erin on the right, they noted each artwork as they passed it.  \
	Three ceramic pots, by Rodney Pittman.\
	The Sun at Six, by Jackie Gilbert.\
	Raison D'etre, by Karen Landry.  \
\
	\'93Is . . .\'94 Francis stammered, \'93This is it!\'94\
	Erin wheeled herself quickly to where Francis stood, looking in about twelve inches through the fingerprint-smeared glass, at an oil painting tacked the case\'92s back wall.  The tiny spotlight that shone on it from the base of its container enhanced the vibrant color - A twisting, deep swirl of color engulfed the canvas.  The edges were a quiet dark black, faded to a deep, pensive violet.  But through the center tore an orange whirlpool that melded every other color into a pencil thin narthex, a hole, in its center.  The waves of color, line, and texture that were being sucked in (or was it being pushing out?) were lined with droves and droves of tiny, barely visible birds.  \
	Erin put her hand to the glass. \
	\'93This is it, this is definitely it.  I can feel it.\'94  She closed her eyes and inhaled.  \'93I need to touch it.  I\'92m not close enough.\'94\
	\'93No?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93Can\'92t you open it?  Like you do the cuppoards?\'94\
	\'93No, its 
\i locked
\i0 .\'94\
	\'93Well . . .\'94 Francis could not understand the restraints of his ghostly partner.  \
	Francis and Erin made their way back to the girl sitting at the information desk.  \
	\'93Excuse me,\'94 Francis expressed carefully, but there\'92s a painting in there, Raison D\'92etre by Karen Landry.  \
	\'93Uh-huh.\'94 the girl said plainitvely.\
	\'93And well, uh, this is a strange request but, I was wondering if I could get a closer look at it.\'94\
	\'93A closer look?\'94 the girl asked.\
	\'93Yes well . . . Its all the way in the back of  the display case, and the glass is so smudged with fingerprints, I can\'92t see it.  I\'92m sure its not how the artist intended it to be viewed - its really not doing it justice.  It would really mean alot to me if I could see it up close, not from behind the glass.\'94\
	The girl gave Francis a queer look.  \'93You want a better look at it?\'94\
	\'93Yes, if that\'92s alright.\'94\
	The girl shrugged, pulling at a mess of keys attached to a twisted, stretchy bracelet on her left wrist.  The hand it was attached to hung limply, and Francis felt that it looked odd.  \'93Yeah, I suppose that\'92s alright.\'94 she answered.\
	\'93Oh, thank you very much!\'94 Francis beamed as he followed the attendant back to the hallway of display cases.  Fitting her key into the metal lock on the glass window front, she released the window pane, reached inside and slide the canvas off of a brass hook.  As she pulled the painting delicately out of the case, Erin touched just the tip of it with her finger, and was moved.  Like the whirpool layered deep onto the canvas\'92 surface, Erin too felt herself pulled by unseen forces, like an undertoe on solid ground.\
\
	Erin and Karen sat on Erin\'92s bed, in her lavender room, the windows open and a pure autumn breeze flowing through her open window.  Together they looked up at the painting that hung above a old wooden chest on the wall.  \
	\'93Thank you so much Karen.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Its beautiful.  If they ever want to put it in a museum, or anything, just ask.\'94\
	\'93No, I\'92m going to paint better things.\'94  Karen stated pragmatically.  \'93This is a minor work.\'94\
	\'93Oh, I see.\'94 Erin said, nodding, looking a bit confused.  Karen\'92s expression softened.\
	\'93Not that this one isn\'92t good.  Or important.  This is the best painting I\'92ve done so far.  And I think that it really means something.\'94  The girl starred into the canvas\'92 swirly surface.  \
	\'93Yeah?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93Can you tell me what it means?\'94\
	Karen scowled.  \'93No.  That\'92s not how it works.  You just look, and look, and just think a little bit;\'94 the girl motioned toward the painting with her head, \'93And you will understand it.\'94\
	\'93Ok\'94 Erin agreed docilely, \'93I will have to try that.\'94\
	\'93It\'92s like anything else.\'94 Karen explained, taking a seat on the bed again.  \'93Just because you can\'92t tell how valuable something is just by looking at something once, doesn\'92t mean it isn\'92t valuable at all.\'94\
	\'93Oh I would never say that.\'94 Erin ammended.  \'93I know that.\'94 she paused.  \'93You know, you have really good taste in things like this.  I mean, you\'92re very creative, considering your family.\'94\
	\'93What is that supposed to mean?\'94 Karen asked, offended.  \
	\'93No, sorry, that came out wrong,\'94 Erin appologized, \'93Just because you\'92re homeschooled, and you guys are so serious, 
\i really smart
\i0  but so serious and religious.  Not like I\'92m not religious, I\'92m just saying that-\'94\
	\'93You think because my family takes God seriously, seriously enough for them to not want their kids to go to atheist schools, that they don\'92t condone the creation of art?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m sorry, that\'92s not what I meant at all.  I just thought maybe you didn\'92t get alot of access to art classes, things like that.\'94\
	Karen sighed.  \'93I don\'92t really.\'94 she sighed.  \'93I mean, yes, I get a little bit of art, but most of this I\'92ve had to do on my free time.\'94\
	\'93Do your parents not like it, that you paint?\'94\
	\'93No, I don\'92t think they mind.  They just don\'92t want me to think that its more important that worship, the church, or anything like that, its a perfectly reasonable concern.  Anytime you get the chance to create your own world, there\'92s a chance of you getting lost in it.\'94\
	\'93I can see what you mean by that.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Still, aren\'92t there lots of Christian painters?\'94\
	\'93Oh yeah, definitely.\'94 Karen said, perking up. \'93Religious paintings, especially during the Baroque period, they\'92re the window through which we perceive religious figures and events.  The way they were depicted in paintings then are the way we picture them today.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s fascinating!\'94 Erin said.  \'93Do you have a favorite?\'94\
	\'93Hmm . . .\'94 Karen debated.  \'93Well, yes.  The best was Caravaggio.  By far.  The Calling of St. Matthew is my favorite ever.\'94\
	Erin nodded, telling Karen that it was alright to continue.\
	\'93See, Caravaggio did this amazing contrast between lights and darks, called Chiaroscuro, where the darks, that\'92s used to give a scene volume and highlight parts.  But Caravaggio used it differently.  The Calling of St. Matthew is based upon Matthew 9:9, 
\i Jesus saw a man named Matthew at his seat in the custom house, and said to him, "Follow me", and Matthew rose and followed him.
\i0 \'94 It shows Jesus entering the house and pointing to Matthew, but the focus wasn\'92t on Jesus, its on Matthew.  Jesus is completely in the dark, only half of his face is illuminated.  There\'92s even a man standing in front of him.\'94  Karen sighed passionately.  \'93The light isn\'92t on Christ.  Its coming from him.  Its shining onto the sinners sitting at the table.  Its . . . brilliant.\'94\
	\'93Wow.\'94 Erin said.  \'93He sounds amazing.\'94\
	\'93Yes, well . . . \'94 Karen said, \'93He wasn\'92t.  He was actually an awful person, a noteworthy sinner.  He was in fights constantly.  He was a notorious drunkard.  He even killed a man.\'94\
	\'93Oh.\'94  Erin said sadly.  \'93So . . . it\'92s wrong to like him.\'94\
	Karen starred pensively at the wall.  \'93I don\'92t know.  He was murdered, there\'92s no official proof that he repented and was saved before his death.\'94\
	\'93I see.\'94 Erin said sympathetically.\
	\'93But,\'94 Karen continued, \'93In his final days before his death, he painted David with the Head of Goliath.  In it, a young boy holds the decapitated head of Goliath, a disgusted look on his face.  But the head of Goliath is a self portrait.  Caravaggio painted his own face on Goliath.\'94	\'93Really?\'94 Erin asked, amazed.  \'93Why would he do that?\'94\
	\'93On David\'92s blade is the inscription 
\i Humilitas occidit superbiam
\i0 .  It means \'91Humility kills pride\'92 in latin.  The blade has a single drop of blood on it.  I think it was an apology.\'94  Karen inhaled deeply.  \'93Someday, when I\'92m in heaven, I\'92d like to speak with him.\'94\
	\'93I see.\'94 Erin said.  \'93That sounds nice.\'94  The two looked deeply into the painting.	\
	\'93Well, I should be heading home now.\'94 Karen said, standing.\
	\'93Oh, if you\'92ve got to;\'94 Erin said, walking with her into a hallway that stirred at her like a poker to a fire.  The tiny sparks licked up around her as she ran downstairs, her bare feet digging into the bluish grey carpet.  Karen opened the front door and the light from outside bather her like sunrise from ten feet away, as her eyes adjusted to the rows of familiar houses, wooden fences and cars.  \
	\'93We should do this again soon.\'94 Erin called to Karen from the end of her driveway.  \
	\'93Yeah maybe!\'94 Karen returned, giving a shy, small wave as she dissapeared into whirpool that sucked the trees, sidewalks and skies in with it.  \
	Erin looked around the library.  In disbelief she stared at the girl holding the painting - she turned to Francis.\
	\'93Do you really like it?\'94 the girl asked quizzically, but as modestly as possible.  \'93Nobody ever asks to see the work this way.\'94 The girl blushed slightly.  \'93Especially not anything I\'92ve painted.\'94  \
	\'93Oh!\'94 Francis said, in astonishment.  \'93You painted this?\'94\
	\'93Sure did.\'94 she said.  \'93It\'92s a special one . . . well, to me at least.  It was the last piece I ever made.\'94  \
	Francis saw the way she held the canvas, crooked in the wrist of her left hand, her fingers dangling like yarn from the hand.\
	\'93So you\'92re Karen Landry?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Yes.\'94 she said, looking a bit more hesitant and confused with Francis\'92 dark tone. \
	\'93Did . . . did you know a girl named Erin?\'94\
	The girl looked frightened by the mention of her name.  \'93Erin\'92s a very common name . . .\'94\
	\'93You went to church with her.  She-\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I know.\'94 she said, shirking away shyly, adjusting the picture back into its case.  \'93Yeah I know.  Why?  How do you know.\'94\
	\'93I . . . \'94 Francis looked to Erin, who motioned for him to carry on.  \'93I was a friend of hers.  I have alot of questions I\'92d like to ask you.\'94\
\
	Francis sat on a metal folding chair beside Karen\'92s information booth, as she checked out and in the books of patrons who wandered up and away in absent minded clumps.  When the crowd cleared Francis would speak.\
	\'93So Erin\'92s  . . . death,\'94  the words tasted strange in Francis\'92 mouth, as he observed the aforementioned fiddled idly with the sash of her sweater not three feet away, \'93I was hoping you could answer some questions about it.  I don\'92t know alot about it.\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t sound like some weird stalker!\'94  Erin warned.  \'93Do it slowly or she won\'92t talk to you.  She seemed really fickle in my memory.\'94\
	\'93She killed herself.\'94 Karen said plainly, scanning the lobby nervously for anyone who might feel like returning or checking out a book.  \
	\'93Well yes, I\'92m aware of that.\'94  Francis said.  \'93I was wondering if you knew why.\'94\
	\'93I thought you said you knew her.\'94\
	\'93I do!\'94 Francis insisted.  \'93I was just wondering, from your perspective.  You were close to her, right?\'94\
	\'93I guess.  A little bit.\'94 the girl said hesitantly.  \'93Well, how much do you know?\'94\
	\'93Well, I know about her church.  Sunrise.\'94\
	\'93Oh, well that pretty much sums it up.\'94 Karen answered.  \'93That\'92s where I knew her from at least.  We were in the same youth group for a while.\'94\
	\'93For a while?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  She moved here when she was a sophmore, so she was only with us a year.  None of us had grown up with her, which is why we didn\'92t know any of the things about her past.\'94\
	\'93What things?\'94 Francis and Erin asked at the same time.\
	Karen shied away from the question.  \'93If you don\'92t know, its not really my place to tell you.\'94\
	\'93I see.\'94 Francis moaned dejectedly.  \'93Well, can you tell me about what happened those final days?\'94\
	\'93Things just sort of unravelled.\'94 Karen explained delicately.  \'93She was bright and cheery right up to the end.  I didn\'92t think she would do something like that.  But she did.  That was her way of handling it, I don\'92t think she could handle it anymore.\'94\
	\'93Handle what?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93There was alot of things going on in the church.  We had a really good youth group going, some really great leaders.  Erin wasn\'92t up to the same level as everyone else.\'94\
	\'93What is that supposed to mean?\'94 Erin quipped bitterly.\
	\'93You mean spiritually?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93Like, she was not as spiritually mature as you?\'94\
	\'93Exactly.\'94 Karen said.  \'93She wasn\'92t a Christian when she moved here.  She started with us.\'94\
	\'93Ok.  So she was having trouble fitting in as a Christain?\'94\
	\'93Not at first.\'94 Karen said.  \'93She seemed really sweet at the begining.  Then we started to really get to know her, and things were alot different than we initially thought.\'94\
	\'93Yes?\'94 Francis begged.  \'93How so?\'94\
	\'93As I\'92ve said, I can\'92t tell you that.  You would know if you really knew Erin like you say.  So who are you?  Are you with the police or newspaper or something?  This hasn\'92t happened in a really long time.\'94\
	\'93No, honestly, I really do know her.  Did know her.  I just don\'92t know what she was thinking.\'94\
	\'93None of us do.  She didn\'92t leave a note or anything.  We all just had to sort of assume what happened.\'94\
	Francis and Erin shared a confused look.\
	\'93She didn\'92t leave a note?\'94 Francis asked.  \
	\'93Nope.\'94 Karen answered, for the first time looking a bit hurt.  \'93I suppose that\'92s the way she wanted it.  She just wandered in, and then she just wandered out.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t think that\'92s the way she felt at all.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I think she cared about the people she left behind.\'94\
	\'93Yeah?\'94 Karen said.  \'93I don\'92t think she cared.  I think she acted like she cared, but that in the end she was just using us.\'94\
	\'93No,\'94 Erin said.  \'93I  . . . \'94 Erin did not know that she wouldn\'92t do that.	\'93You painted that picture for Erin, didn\'92t you?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93How did you know that?\'94 Karen asked, turning a bit red.\
	\'93I think that she had things she wanted to tell you.\'94  Francis started.  \'93I think she though you were a wonderful person.  That maybe you and her both suffered from short-sightedeness, the way all people do.\'94  Erin turned her not to the correct page and held it in Francis\'92 line of vision.\
	\'93She treasured the painting you gave her, she really did.  She\'92s sorry she made you take it back.\'94\
Karen was tearing up a little.\
	\'93She thinks that maybe if she had been given a bit longer, if she might have understood it, and you, a little better.  She know she missed her chance to tell you this . . . but she\'92d like to you she forgive you, if you\'92ll forgive her too.  You deserve acceptance the same as everyone else.\'94\
	\'93Of course,\'94 Karen nodded, her eyes transfixed upon the floor, making small drips onto the stone where it missed her hands and skirt.  \'93Of course I forgive her.\'94\
	In her heart Erin felt a levity, as though a piece had slid into the correct place.\
	\'93We can agree to disagree.\'94 Karen said.  \'93We can do that now.\'94  She looked up.  \'93Who are you?\'94 she asked.\
	\'93I\'92m Francis.\'94 he answered stoically.  \'93Thank you for your help.\'94\
\
	As the two left the library a cold chill embraced them - the sky outside was thickening with storm clouds. \
	\'93Where are we headed next?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93My house.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I remember where I lived.\'94\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 14 - Contradictions\
\
	Like a bike ride you\'92ve taken too many times, or the route you always take to the store, Erin\'92s feet guided her through the streets of the suburbs.  \
	\'93We must have lived very close to eachother.\'94 Erin pointed out.  \'93I\'92m amazed we never ran into eachother.\'94\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Francis agreed.  \'93This is only, what - two miles.  You had a very small world, Sunrise is only a couple of miles from here as well.\'94\
	Erin turned the corner of another cedar-lined road, full of tired looking cars and aging houses.   \'93We\'92re really close.\'94 she said. \'93This is amazing, I\'92m actually remembering this.  Only parts of it, sure . . . but its getting there.  I\'92ve been feeling all sorts of things too!\'94\
	\'93Yeah?\'94 Francis said.  \'93Like what?\'94\
	\'93Well, like when I had the memory with Karen - at first I felt this stubborn awkwardness.  It felt familiar to me, so I sympathized with her.  And then she began to open up to me about her interest in art - and I felt this glowing connection between us.  Even as she left I wasn\'92t sure if that sort of connection between us would ever happen again, but it was still so warm.  Oh, but . . .\'94\
	\'93What\'92s up?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Well, did you notice her hand?  The left one?\'94 \
	\'93Yeah,\'94 Francis said, \'93The one that looked . . . broken or something?  Like, dead?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, well, in the memory she waved to me with her left hand.\'94\
	\'93So whatever happened to do that to her hand, it hadn\'92t happened yet?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s what I\'92m assuming.\'94 she answered.  \'93OH!\'94\
	Erin pointed directly ahead of her, to a large blue house.  \
	\'93THAT\'92S my house!\'94\
	The incredibly plain house sat on a plot of land occupied a couple dozen also extremely plain, middle class houses, which all looked more or less the same.\
	\'93Really?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93You can tell them apart?\'94\
	\'93Of course!\'94 Erin explained, \'93I mean, I lived here.  I remember this.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 Francis agreed, \'93If you\'92re sure.  How are we going about this?\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94 Erin thought aloud, \'93Its Friday, middle of the day, so my parents are probably at work.  No cars in the driveway, but the oil stains suggest that\'92s where they\'92re usually parked.  I didn\'92t mention any siblings so I doubt there\'92s anyone here.  Anyone my age would probably be ins school anyway.  We\'92re probably good to just go in.\'94\
	\'93
\i You\'92re
\i0  probably good to go in.  You know, the part of us that can\'92t get arrested and go to jail.  I\'92ll wait out here.\'94\
	\'93Francis!\'94 Erin whined,  \'93What if I need you to move something or talk to someone?\'94\
	\'93You better hope there\'92s no one to talk to in there.  And you can move things just fine, even better than me, seeing as everything snaps back to normal once you\'92re done.\'94\
	\'93Hmm, good point.\'94 Erin conceeded.  \'93Ok, you do some loitering.  Keep talking to yourself so you don\'92t look suspicious.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I\'92ll try.\'94\
	Erin snuck stealthily up the three concrete stairs to her front door, though as has been previously illustrated, stealth was not necessary.  Crossing her fingers she pressed down on the door handle and felt to her delight the lock open.  \
	\'93It\'92s unlocked!\'94 Erin called back to Francis, who pretended not to hear her.\
	\'93Yeah, that\'92s great, I\'92m glad to hear that.\'94 he said.\
	\
	The hallway inside Erin\'92s door was decorated with shoes.  Such sights you get used to, and stay with you long after death.  The brown loafers her mother wore were still there, her dad\'92s slippers.  The sight left an eerie watermark on her first step inside of a place that hung in all places with a distinct feelings of different types.  It was like the coffee shops but intensified, after all, this is where the day\'92s emotions returned each day to nest.  \
	In a frame by the shoe closet hung a large portrait of the family, from a time when Erin was probably fifteen.  There was her, a man, and a woman, who\'92s faces filled her with a warm glow - she knew them to be her parents.  And she was happy that when she touched the portrait no memory returned, just a toasty eminence.  \
	Walking through the house Erin attempted to place herself in its environment, and the feeling of being lost in a department store returned to her, in which every sight, every circular clothing rack is comfortable and familiar and at the same time new and somehow mysterious and alluring.  The phone hanging by the kitchen, she knew, would play Pachebelle\'92s Canon if it rang, in a chirpy electronic melody.  She knew there would be at least a couple bags of Fritos in the pantry for her dad to eat after work.  She was right.  Pulling the clip from an opened bag she placed a chip on her tongue.  In the richest of warm autumn browns a dozen years with her father came rushing back - the tall grass in her backyard, the tent her father refused to take down, a large purple polka dotted ball that floated through the air in careful lobs, the koolaid at the fisher price table with her mother.  Tears flooded Erin\'92s face and dripped silently onto the linoleum.  \
	Walking up the worn carpeted stairs Erin watched a years of family portraits in chronological order until she reached the top - on the facing wall hung a large, framed portrait of Erin, looking almost as she does now.  IN MEMORY OF the frame said in large wooden letters.  ERIN MCAFEE.  The name felt natural as she said it out loud.\
	To her right Erin knew the door shut tightly to lead to her room.  She knew the layout by heart, the bed on the South wall, the window facing East.  But when she opened the door, Erin felt a stab to her heart - the room was empty.  The familiar posters she had expected to see had left off-colored white patches on the wall, but the thumbtack holes had been puttied over, and the room sat vacant and aching.\
	Save for one item - up against the north wall, a large wooden chest sat, exactly where she had seen it in here memory, with a combination padlock locking it tightly closed.  \
	Erin approached and kneeled before the box - a thick layer of dust blanketed it, it sat deep in the carpet as if it had not been moved in years.  \
	Erin leaned forward and touched the lock.\
\
	A howling expanse sucked at her like the door left open to an airplaine as Erin adjusted her eyes to what lay before her - a cavernous pair of deep tunnels lay in front of her.  Though the grassy field was all sun and flowers, the two concrete orifices sucked all light from the day.  Erin stood next to a red wagon, holding an open lock in her right hand, as a tall chainlink fence swung open.  \
	\'93I can\'92t believe you could open it!\'94 John yelped excitedly.  \
	This memory sat differently than the rest - John was young.  Probably around nine.  Erin was about the same age.  This glaring difference forced a cognitive dissonance that forced Erin to feel the memory as a spectator instead of a participant.  \
	John approached the edge of the concrete tunnel, and hollered loudly, the echo refracting deeply and inconclusively.  \'93It looks like it kind of goes downhill!\'94\
	Erin stood frozen in front of the entrance - for the first time in any memory, she felt an absolute and paralyzing fear - a manifestation of the moment crawling into her ear and crying in desperate inaudible alarms.  The terror was all consuming and as she looked down into her hand and saw the lock closed on the handle of the old wooden chest, the feeling refused to leave.  \
	Erin exited the house to find Francis still pacing carrying on an imaginary conversation near an oak tree.  \'93Yes, the cupcakes were very nice, the whole family\'92s really enjoying them - oh hey, how\'92d it go?\'94  Without giving much attention Francis was able to pull vibes from Erin\'92s silence.  \
	\'93What happened?  What\'92s the matter?\'94\
	\'93I\'94m afraid.\'94  She answered simply, and walked quickly with Francis following.  \
\
	Francis and Erin sat at the same table by the window at Stella\'92s.  It was still early afternoon, and the shop was quiet and empty.\
	\'93Are you feeling better?\'94  Francis asked in a low voice.  \'93Are you getting the same feeling from the table?  Good ones?\'94\
	\'93A little.\'94 Erin said, still shivering.  \'93That was . . . I didn\'92t get any information from that.  Just fear.\'94  she looked up to Francis with red eyes.  \'93I\'92m keeping something awful deep inside me, I can feel it now.  I know it, I remember it.\'94\
	Francis sighed sympathetically.  \'93You don\'92t know that.\'94\
	\'93Stop it Francis.\'94 she said.  \'93Its real.  We have enough evidence now, we can\'92t keep denying it.\'94 she began to shiver again in the warm building.  \'93And I don\'92t even know what it is.  I don\'92t know what I\'92m afraid of.  I just know there\'92s a reason to be.\'94  Her voice was strained.  \'93This is the worst pain I\'92ve ever felt.  I feel like my chest is caving in.\'94\
	\'93Relax, relax - \'94 Francis said reassuringly, \'93I think you\'92re just having a panic attack.\'94\
	\'93I can\'92t breathe.\'94 Erin said chocking on a breath.  \
	\'93Calm down, its ok - \'94 Francis reached out and touche Erin\'92s hand.  To mutual surprise, his warm hand clasped hers.  He laughed slightly.  \'93I wasn\'92t sure what was going to happen . . . I didn\'92t know if I was going to be able to.\'94\
	Erin looked surprised, but still in the throes of anguish.  \
	Francis pulled Erin\'92s hand to his chest.  \'93Can you feel my heartbeat?  Feel it.\'94\
	The blood quietly and steadily beat through Francis\'92 body, in a metronomic dance.  \
	\'93You just need to feel it, and yours will adjust.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t have a heart.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I don\'92t have a hand.\'94\
	\'93The what am I holding right now?\'94 Francis said.  \'93Be open-minded, please.\'94\
	Erin began to breathe deeply, though she was still hindered by an occasional hiccup-like seizure of immediacy.  \'93I\'92ve never felt this way before.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s probably really good.\'94 Francis said.  \'93This used to happen to me all the time.  It still does, every once in a while.\'94\
	\'93What does?\'94  Erin asked.  \'93Panic?  About what?\'94\
	\'93I could ask you the same thing.\'94 he said.  \'93I know, people have alot of trouble grasping it.\'94\
	\'93So you freak out, and you don\'92t know why?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Francis said.  \'93The first time it happened I wound up in the hospital because I couldn\'92t sleep for 72 hours and I was halucinating.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s terrifying.\'94  Erin stammered.  \'93You felt this way for three days, without sleep?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, not something I really like to remember.  That\'92s when I was your age though, they\'92re alot tamer these days.  Still I feel it coming and I just know, \'91I\'92m about to have an anxiety attack.\'92  It usually starts with something simple, like wondering if I forgot to turn the stove.  And in no time I can\'92t even breath, can\'92t even move.\'94\
	\'93What do you do about it?\'94 Erin asked sympathetically.  \
	\'93Well, I took some pills for a while.  They worked too well.\'94\
	\'93As in?\'94\
	\'93Well, when it first started happening, I went to the doctor.  He gave me these pills that dissolved under my tongue and started to work in twenty minutes.  That feels like an eternity when you panicking.  But when they hit my bloodstream, I - well the only way I can describe it is like, have you ever been at a drinking fountain when it stops cooling the water?  It shakes and it goes silent; the sound it had been making has been so constant that you hadn\'92t noticed it.  And all of a sudden there\'92s this eerie silence?  That\'92s the best I can describe it.  I was like the drinking fountain.  I couldn\'92t think, I couldn\'92t feel any emotion.  I\'92d feel this chill, and then I\'92d just lie on my couch and stare at the ceiling, not really thinking anything.  It probably sounds pretty nice right?  Like exactly what the medicine was supposed to do right?  Well, I had never felt anything so unnatural in my life.  I thought about the choice I had - to feel and think too much, to have fear haunt me.  Or to medicate, and lose the highs as well.\'94  Francis squeezed Erin\'92s hand slightly.  \'93But we\'92ve already had this conversation, haven\'92t we?\'94\
	Erin nodded.  Her breathing had returned to normal.  \
	\'93So what do you do now, if you don\'92t take the pills?\'94\
	\'93Well, Camomile is a natural relaxant.  And there\'92s jogging, meditative prayer.  There\'92s lots of things that get me through.\'94\
	\'93Have you ever not been able to sleep like that again?\'94\
	\'93Occasionally.\'94  Francis said.  \'93But like I said, things get me through.\'94\
	Erin sighed.  \'93You have alot of problems too, don\'92t you Francis?  We\'92ve been so focused on me this whole time.\'94\
	\'93No no, this really is about you.  Remember, that\'92s why I\'92m here.\'94\
	\'93But what about your youth group?  Tomorrow is saturday, and then you have to make a decision, right?  To either go back, or leave?\'94\
	\'93Yes,\'94 Francis admitted.  \'93That\'92s a really good point.\'94\
	\'93Why are you still there anyway?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93You sound like you despise what you do.\'94\
	Francis sighed.  \'93I know, I must sound terrible.\'94  \
	\'93You didn\'92t always feel this way, right?\'94\
	\'93No.  When I was in high school, everything was perfect.\'94\
	\'93Everything?\'94\
	\'93Almost everything.\'94  Francis said.  \'93Everyone\'92s imperfect, I understand that.\'94\
	\'93It doesn\'92t always sound like you do.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I\'92m worried about this Francis.  What if we discover I\'92ve done something really bad?  What I\'92ve been a really awful sinner?  Are you still going to want to help me?\'94\
	\'93Of course!\'94 Francis said.  \'93Of course I\'92ll still want to help you.\'94\
	Erin looked doubtful.\
	\'93Why don\'92t you believe me?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93I feel like there\'92s parts of you you don\'92t understand too.\'94\
	\'93I think I know myself pretty well.\'94 Francis said.  \'93And that serving Christ by serving others is something I do out of reflex now.\'94\
	\'93What drew you to the church in the first place?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93I\'92m just curious.\'94\
	\'93Well, I was just raised in the church,\'94 Francis explained.  \'93My parents took me to Sunday school, and when I was older I went into the youth program.  It was the first place where I felt like I really belonged, where everyone was thinking the same things as me.  In school you know, I was always a little bit off, socially with everyone.  They just didn\'92t have the same ideals, or think the same as me.\'94\
	\'93Did everyone at church think like you?\'94\
	\'93Pretty much.  I mean, it was at least skewed in my favor.  The parts of me that were laughable at school made me stronger at church.  The things that were really important like devotion and faith.\'94\
	\'93You were popular there, then?\'94\
	\'93Well see no one was popular or unpopular, that was the beautiful thing.  We were all on the same plane.\'94\
	Erin looked skeptical.  \'93I don\'92t know.  That sort of thing doesn\'92t really ever happen.  Usually its the popular people that say things like that.\'94\
	\'93Well, of course there were people on the fringe;\'94 Francis said, \'93People that only showed up a couple times a month.  But everyone in our group was on the same level.\'94\
	\'93Those are people too though.\'94 Erin insisted.  \'93Maybe they only showed up a couple times a month because they felt like they didn\'92t belong there, like you did.\'94\
	\'93No, everyone fits in in a church.\'94\
	Erin could realize she was not getting anywhere.\
	\'93So that\'92s when you started playing guitar?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93Pretty much.  I was playing piano before that, but then I started picking up the guitar.\'94\
	If you\'92ve ever had the privilege to talk music with a former, un-aspired musician, you know how long and monotonous this conversation can be.  Erin was just beginning to squirm when they were interrupted by a large group of people entered the shop, chatting merrily.  \
	\'93Haven\'92t seen you in a while!\'94 sang a tall, white-haired woman of the boy working behind the counter.  \'93You mind if we take the large table?\'94\
	\'93You guys don\'92t have to ask every time.\'94 the boy said, smiling.  \'93Besides, we\'92re dead!\'94\
	Given the days preceding this one it was hard for Erin and Francis to not misinterpret this statement, before looking around and noticing that the shop was essentially empty.  About fourteen people total filed in, placing coats on chairs before lining up to order drinks.  The crowd was diverse in age, ranging from several older members, a few middle aged, a couple twenty and thirty somethings, and one teenage girl.  \
	Erin turned around to view them, and gasped - \'93That\'92s Erica!\'94  Erin said.  \'93The girl in the memory I got from the tire swing.\'94\
	\'93Really?\'94 Francis asked, excited.  \'93I wonder if these are all church members then?\'94\
	The older woman who had spoken for the group sat down at the table and instructed another woman to get her the usual.  In her arms overflowed a bundler of paperwork and folders, and a day planner with several colors of pens clipped to it.  She opened to a page holding several xeroxed handouts.  \'93Hey everybody,\'94 she announced over the counter chatter,  \'93I\'92m passing out the church activities schedule for the rest of November; just, start to look it over as you get settled.\'94\
	\'93This is them, for sure.\'94  Francis said in a quiet voice, unsure of how much a conversation about a group of people standing ten feet away could last, however one-sided.  Erin got up and pranced over to the table, reading over the woman\'92s shoulder as she dropped a sheet at each chair.\
	\'93Yep, it says Sunrise UMC on it.\'94 Erin shouted, startling Francis and causing him to spill a regretful portion of his coffee.  \'93You just listen, don\'92t say anything.  Signal to me if its important.  I\'92m going to stay over here.\'94\
	Francis shook his had as to how he would signal Erin, as the group members all found their seats and took hands instictively.\
	\'93Dear Heavenly Father,\'94 Suzanne began.  Francis bowed his head, Erin stood in place and looked on with interest.  One man still had his eyes open.\
	\'93Thank you so much for gathering us all here today.  We ask you to pour your bountiful blessings upon us as we try to help each other find new ways to reveal your glory, and come to us in fellowship so that we can know your word.\'94\
	\'93AMEN!\'94 the all said in unison.\
	\'93Ok, general news.  First of all, let me thank you guys for being here.  I know church attendance has been dwindling, to say the least.  Compared to last year.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s a tired subject, Suzanne.\'94 an older man said.  His face was wide and speckled with age spots and cratered by many years of wayside dermatology.  His ring laden-hands bulged in giant packets of skin, his voice was deft and booming.\
	\'93I wasn\'92t going to get into it or anything, I -\'94\
	\'93We all know compared to last year attendance is down.  That\'92s because this year things are different from last year.  Most of us would say for the better.  Regardless, there\'92s no need to start every meeting this way.\'94  The group, including Suzanne, sat awkwardly but respectfully as they adjusted to the man\'92s gruff, yet strangely caring words.  \'93Let us focus on the day to day, the month to month.  How are numbers since last month?  Isn\'92t that the way we should look at things?  I\'92m sorry if I\'92ve spoken out of turn.\'94\
	\'93No no Marv you\'92re right.  I wasn\'92t thinking.  In terms of month to month, the numbers of attendees have remained about the same, so we are doing good.\'94\
	The group smiled and nodded.  \'93That is good news.\'94 one of the other older women said.  \'93And we\'92ve had twelve visitors, four of which have come consistently since their first visit.\'94\
	The crowd broke into mild applause.  \'93Alright!\'94 Suzanne said.  \'93Go us.  The fall festival was also a success, which shows alot of promise for the upcoming Harvest dinner.\'94  She turned a page in her planner.\
	\'93Ok, then from here, we\'92ll work our way up as usual.  Children\'92s ministries - Gloria, Steven, can you give us a summary?\'94\
	The attention of the group focused on a mid-thirties man and woman sitting together on one side of the table.  \'93Well, childcare attendance has decrease a bit since last month.\'94  Gloria said.  \'93Sunday school has remained pretty constant though.\'94\
	\'93What have you done in terms of evangelicalism?\'94 Suzanne asked.\
	\'93Well, there was the trick of treat night.\'94 Steven said.  \'93We made pamphlets advertising childcare and some of the other children\'92s ministry activities.  In general that wasn\'92t well received.  I think alot of people felt like there were being preached to.\'94\
	\'93Well, they were, if we\'92re doing our jobs right.\'94 an older woman said smugly.\
	\'93That\'92s true,\'94 Gloria said, \'93but I think we might be coming off as desperate.\'94\
	\'93We are desperate.  We should be desperate.  Desperate to bring others to Christ.  Am I right?\'94  Marv asked.\
	\'93I agree, if they people are feeling preached at, that\'92s because they\'92re in a church.  Did they think we were going to leave that behind because Halloween isn\'92t a Christian holiday?\'94\
	\'93I do agree,\'94 Gloria said, \'93But when it comes to childcare -\'94	\'93It\'92s 
\i Christ
\i0  
\i centered
\i0  childcare.  If they bring their children to us we\'92re going to preach to them.  If anything, this is weeding out the people who wouldn\'92t want their children here anyway.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s pruning at its most basic level.\'94 Suzanne contributed.  \
	\'93I understand what you\'92re saying,\'94 Steven interjected, \'93I think what Gloria is trying to say is that the pamphlet, it seemed more like an advertisement than an invitation.\'94\
	\'93There isn\'92t a difference.\'94 Suzanne said.  \'93We\'92re spreading the word.  If they don\'92t like that, its their fault, and not ours.\'94  Suzanne offered a warm smile, attempting to bring civility to the table.  \'93Ok then.  What have you guys got planned next?\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94 Gloria said, adjusting herself awkwardly in her chair, her eyes on the activity schedule that had been passed around, \'93I believe that our next activity will be a booth at the Harvest Dinner.\'94\
	\'93We\'92ll have more pamphlets printed by then.\'94 Marv said, smiling.\
	\'93Ok, youth ministries.\'94 Suzanne said quickly, \'93Kevin, Erica, can we get a summary?\'94\
	Erin perked up.  \'93I wrote about Kevin!\'94  she yelled, pulling out her note.  \'93He\'92s the youth pastor.\'94\
	\'93Things are good for the youth.\'94 Kevin said.  Kevin appeared to be in his early thirties, and was wearing an athletic fit tshirt that read \'91SATAN IS A NERD\'92.  He had a polite, roguish smile that hid, quite well, the simmering discontent he brewed within him.  \'93We are hangin in there.  We\'92ve gone over the budget, and I\'92m sad to announce that the youth will not be able to afford a mission trip next fall.  We could, but the price per student would just be too much.\'94  \
	\'93I see.\'94 Suzanne said somberly.  \'93So its official that New Life has pulled their funding from us as well?\'94\
	\'93Yes.\'94 Kevin said.  \'93They said they\'92d at least continue to contribute to the youth group\'92s funds for this year, but it sounds like they\'92ll be dropping us after that.\'94 \
	\'93This is sad to hear.\'94 Marv said, placing his hand on Kevin\'92s shoulder.  \'93I know the youth truly look forward to this each year.\'94\
	\'93Yes well,\'94 Kevin attempted to put his words delciately, \'93Maybe we could use a year off.  To reorganize a bit.\'94\
	\'93I can understand that,\'94 Suzanne said, \'93But still, it would be so nice if they youth were able to go 
\i somewhere,
\i0  don\'92t you think?  Surely you don\'92t have to go all the way to Mexico.  Isn\'92t there plenty of ministering opportunities around the city?\'94\
	\'93Oh yes,\'94 Kevin said.  \'93The main cost is having a place to stay, food, et cetera . . . We can definitely have some sort of week where we do volunteer work, but we probably won\'92t be staying the night anywhere.  It\'92s not quite the same experience, but we can make it work.\'94\
	\'93Very good!\'94 Suzanne said.  the other members of the group echoed the sentiment.  \'93Erica,\'94 she said, turning specifically to the girl, \'93How are the youth doing, as a whole?\'94\
	Erica smiled, but not in a girlish manner - the grin beamed a secret, mature pride.  \'93We\'92re all doing very well.  Announcing that there will be no mission trip this year will be hard for everyone, but, to be honest, many kids have already said they\'92re not sure they\'92d want to go, after what happened last year.\'94\
	\'93Now, this again . . .\'94 Marv said.\
	\'93Now Marv, Erica was only trying to make the same point I was, you can\'92t just ignore it.  She\'92s not coming down on anyone about anything, isn\'92t that right dear?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s right,\'94 Erica stammered, \'93I\'92m sorry.\'94\
	\'93No need to apologize.\'94 Suzanne replied.  \'93Please continue.\'94\
	\'93Well, besides the cancelation of the mission trip, things have been well.  The youth have become alot closer.  The smaller size has lended alot few distractions for everyone.  I think we\'92re stronger than ever.\'94\
	\'93Well if that isn\'92t 
\i wonderful
\i0  news!\'94  An older woman said.  \
	\'93Praise be.\'94 seconded Marv.  \'91Praise be\'92 the crowd echoed.\
	\'93Well if that finishes up the youth group, Erica, feel free to be on your way.\'94 Suzanne said.  \'93And we\'92ll move on to the boring parts!\'94 she said this with a sort of grumpy, sing song voice that might have appealed to an impressionable six year old.\
	Erica smiled and got up from the table.  \
	\'93Catch her!\'94  Erin hollered as she began to make her way to the door.  \
	\'93How, what do I\'94 Francis stammered as he hurriedly dispensed of his cup and saucer into a dishwasher bin.  \
	Erica paused at the counter.  \
	\'93Haven\'92t seen you in a while!\'94 she said to the boy happily.  \
	Francis sat down at a nearer table.  In an attempt to absorb the conversation and not look like a creep, Francis pretended to answer his blue tooth, which still did not have batteries in it.  Erin hung close to the counter\
	\'93Ah, yeah,\'94 the boy said, \'93I\'92ve been so busy.  Finals coming up and everything.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m totally not here to beat up on you.\'94 she said sweetly.  \'93If you don\'92t want to come, you don\'92t have to.  I just want to make sure you\'92re still getting fed in some way.  Even if its not through us.\'94\
	\'93You don\'92t have to worry.\'94 the boy said.  \'93I\'92m still a Christian.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 she said.  \'93Well call me if you ever want to hang out or anything.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, definitely.\'94 the boy answered.\
	Taking this as a sufficient response Erica left through the front door, followed hotly by Francis and Erin.  Luckily the girl did not pull out car keys, instead she walked further along the sidewalks to an adjoining street.\
	\'93Hey!\'94 Francis shouted after the girl.  \'93HEY!\'94\
	\'93Oh god, she\'92s going to start running . . .\'94 Erin bemoaned.\
	\'93Erica!\'94 Francis shouted.  Erica turned and looked at Francis.  Her right fist clenched a ball of keychains, the ends of keys protruded from between her fingers.\
	\'93Yeah?\'94 she asked, a slight quiver in her voice.  \'93I know you?\'94\
	\'93No,\'94 Francis said, \'93but you knew Erin McAfee.\'94\
	Erica tightened her grip on the keys.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 15 - Noodles\
\
	\'93A close personal friend?\'94 Erica asked, stirring another packet of sugar into her tea.  Francis and Erin had become tired of coffee shops, and Erica had not yet eaten, and thusly they found themselves in an olive garden.  An unlimited basket of breadsticks was being picked at by Erin, though this was not visible to the living patrons of the establishment.  \
	\'93Yes.  It\'92s complicated.\'94  Francis explained.  \'93It\'92s hard to put words to.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t mind talking about it.\'94 Erica said.  \'93She was a member of my youth group.\'94\
	\'93Sunrise?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Erin said.  \'93She was only there for a year.\'94\
	A waitress came with two bowls of pasta.  Erin considered investigating the kitchen to see what she could scrounge up, but decided she would make do with the breadsticks.\
	\'93That\'92s fantastic.\'94 said Francis to the waitress as she walked away, but also to Erica.  \'93I don\'92t even know where to begin.\'94  Francis stirred his sauce and noodles until they were homogeneously distributed.  \'93Were you and Erin close?  And tell me if you don\'92t want to answer any questions.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 Erica said.  \'93Yeah, we were besties for a while.  I knew her very well.\'94\
	Erica was very polite.  Her words were elegant, but felt hindered in some way.  Erin noticed this.  \'93Ask her some personal questions about me.  Make sure she knows its ok to say bad things about me.\'94  Francis nodded subtly.\
	\'93So, I\'92ll cut to the chase I guess.  Erin killed herself.  I\'92ve been trying to find out why.  Any information you have on that, I would really like to hear.\'94\
	\'93Well, let\'92s see . . .\'94 she said.  \'93Erin was a complicated person.  She had alot of personal demons.  I think they finally got the best of her, if you want me to be honest.\'94\
	\'93What kind of demons?\'94  Francis asked at Erin\'92s behest.  \'93Can you elaborate?\'94\
	\'93Well, I don\'92t want to talk badly of Erin, considering.\'94 she said.  \'93You said you knew Erin, I\'92m sure you\'92re aware.\'94\
	\'93I\'92ve actually heard that one before.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I feel like there\'92s something significant that we - I\'92ve missed.\'94  Francis gave the issue some thought.  \'93Say, you wouldn\'92t happen to know who John is?\'94\
	Erica looked confused.  \'93I don\'92t know any Johns, no.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94  Francis said.  He shook his head slowly.  Erin flipped through her note, attempting to find something on which to reclaim the conversation.\
	\'93Erin was very passionate though.  About people.  She was actually a very caring person.\'94\
	\'93Is that so?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93Erin once, she told me about a time you guys had at a park.  When you carved something into the frame of a tire swing . . .\'94\
	\'93She 
\i told
\i0  you about that?\'94 Erica asked in disbelief.\
	\'93Uhhh parts, she didn\'92t tell me everything.  She told me that it was a very good night.  That she felt close to you afterwards.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, that was a good night.\'94 Erica said reminiscently.  \'93I\'92ve changed alot since then.  At the time I was still in pursuit of alot of physical pleasures.  Sorry, that\'92s TMI.\'94\
	\'93No, that\'92s ok.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I\'92m interested.\'94\
	\'93Ok.\'94 Erica conceded.  \'93Well, since then, I\'92ve matured alot in my faith.  You\'92re a Christian right?  I can tell.\'94 she said, smiling sweetly.  \
	Francis blushed; Erica was a very pretty girl, with an alluring smile and laugh.  \'93Yes, yes I am.\'94\
	\'93Ok, so you understand.\'94 she said.  \'93When you\'92re young you know, you want to chase happiness regardless of what it means for you spiritually.  That\'92s sort of the position I was in.  But after what happened with Erin, I took a really hard look at myself.  With mortality that close, it really compels you to take a good hard look at yourself.\'94\
	\'93I can understand that.\'94 Francis admitted.\
	\'93Well, since then, I haven\'92t had a boyfriend.  I haven\'92t even thought about that sort of thing, God is just filling such a huge part of me now that it doesn\'92t feel necessary.\'94\
	\'93You don\'92t say?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93Well that\'92s awesome.  Alot of kids your age, that\'92s something they just don\'92t understand.\'94\
	\'93I know, right?\'94 Erica said, gloating.  \'93Alot of my friends at school think I\'92m missing out and denying myself, since so many boys want to date me, but I don\'92t see it that way.\'94\
	Erin rolled her eyes, tore the center out of a breadstick, and stuffed it in her mouth.  \
	\'93Well, that\'92s good.\'94 Francis said.  \
	\'93Yeah, I\'92m not even going to prom.  Its like a secular holiday for horny teenagers to get together and hump each other.\'94\
	\'93 . . . Really?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93I don\'92t know, I went to prom, and there were people there like that, but it wasn\'92t the only way to enjoy it.\'94\
	\'93Well things have probably just changed alot.  Hip hop is really popular right now.  All they do is hump.  Besides, just being there makes me feel further away from god.  I don\'92t know if I\'92ll ever date again if that\'92s the way boys act.\'94\
	Francis laughed.  \'93Yeah, young boys, they\'92re sort of in their own world.\'94\
	\'93Not just the young ones.\'94 Erica protested, \'93No offense.  But the constant carnal pull, the eros, I don\'92t think that its right.  Its human nature, whatever, but its not what god wants.\'94  she took a sip of her iced tea.  \'93In all honesty, I don\'92t plan on marrying or any of that.\'94\
	\'93 . . . Really?\'94 Francis asked despondently.  \'93You . . . you don\'92t think you\'92ll get lonely?\'94\
	\'93Not at all.\'94 Erica said.  \'93I\'92ve got Jesus.  He\'92s more than enough for me!\'94 Erica giggled.\
	\'93I . . . just don\'92t know about that.\'94 Francis forced a smile.  \'93But you do what you think you need to do.\'94\
	\'93Yep.\'94 Erica said, introducing a fork-full of pasta to her mouth.  \'93But anyway, about Erin.  What more did you want to know?\'94\
	\'93Well, I guess I just want to know about here last days with you guys.  Something must have happened, to changer he attitude, right?\'94\
	\'93Hmmmm.\'94  Erin mused.  \'93We don\'92t usually talk about what happened.  Our church doesn\'92t really condone talking about it.\'94\
	\'93I can understand that.\'94  Francis said.  \'93Nobody wants to remember a tragedy like that.  But off the record, knowing that I\'92ll never communicate this to any of your church members, can you offer me a little insight, for someone who cares deeply about Erin, and just want to know what happened?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s the problem.\'94 Erica said.  \'93If you care about Erin, then you don\'92t want to hear what I have to say about the subject.\'94 Erica giggled sardonically.  \'93Erin wasn\'92t a good person.  She thought she was, and she had us fooled for a while.  She might have even meant well, I don\'92t know.  But the things she did brought so much pain to the church . . .\'94\
	Erin chewed sadly on a breadstick without swallowing, caught in the rapture of what she could not understand.  \
	Erica laughed.  \'93Its hard to reconcile.  She was a good friend of mine.\'94\
	\'93She was a good friend of mine, too.\'94 Francis said, \'93That doesn\'92t mean I don\'92t want to know the truth.\'94  Francis put his fork down.  \'93Please.  It would mean alot to me to know the truth.\'94\
	Erica sighed reluctantly.  \'93She killed a member of our church.\'94\
	Erin chocked on the partial breadstick lodged in her throat.  Francis sat cold in his seat, staring at Erica in disbelief.  \'93She . . . I\'92m sorry, she what?\'94\
	\'93You wanted to know, don\'92t get mad at me.\'94 Erica said, looking a bit red.  \'93There\'92s still alot of debate going on about it, but there\'92s not really another way to see it.  There was something wrong with Erin, something none of us knew about until it was too late.  That\'92s all the beef I have with her.  And I\'92ve forgiven her, naturally.  I can forgive anyone, even her.  But the things she\'92s done won\'92t ever be forgiven.\'94\
	\'93Who?\'94  Francis, asked, exasperated, \'93Why?  What happened?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s all I can really say.  Like I said, I\'92m forbidden to discuss these things by my church.  I shouldn\'92t have told you that much.\'94  she looked at Francis sympathetically.  \'93I\'92m sorry.  I\'92m sure you wanted to know more, but that\'92s all I can tell you.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s . . .\'94 Francis could not believe what was going on, \'93That\'92s more than enough information.\'94\
	\'93Like I said!\'94 she said as honestly as she could, \'93Me and Erin were really close, I don\'92t exactly 
\i hate
\i0  her, you know . . .\'94\
	\'93Was the person innocent?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93The person she killed?\'94	\'93Ann?  Of course.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Like I said though,\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t want to hear any more.\'94  Francis said.  He took a large bite of pasta. \'93Prease don tell me ahhnymoor.\'94  He averted his eyes from Erin as much as possible, focusing on his plate.  Erin pulled herself into the corner of the booth where they sat, attempting to conceal herself completely in the folds of colored leather.\
	\'93See, I\'92m sorry I told you that.\'94 Erica said.  "That's not everything its about, I mean, there's alot more to Erin than that."\
	"I know," he said, nodding slowly.  "Tell me something else about her."\
	"Let's see, well," Erica said without missing a beat, "She was popular with the boys.  She was very cute as you probably know.  Very innocent vibe as well, everyone really liked that.  That year she was with us, two guys were really after her."\
	"Yeah?" Francis said, attempting to catch his breath a little bit, "Do you remember who, specifically?"\
	"Yeah, Matt and Ryan." she said.  "They were both really into her.  Matt doesn't come to our church anymore, Ryan comes occasionally."\
	"Ok," Francis said, "I know a little bit about both of those guys.  They were after Erin?"\
	"Yeah, they both had the hots for her big time."\
	Erin was turning red.  \
	"Did she date them?" Francis asked.\
	"Nope, she never dated anyone here.  She got alot of things I didn't back then."	"Well, those are two guys I'm actually looking for." Francis explained.  "There also a camera I'm looking for, of some pictures Matt and Erin took."	\
	"Hmm, he never said anything about that." she said.\
	"You talk to Matt then?" Francis asked.  \
	"I used to.  If you want to talk to him, he still works at the club in Cherry Creek."\
	"Really?  You think he's working tomorrow?"\
	"Yeah, probably." Erin said.  "You stalking us?" she added playfully.\
	"I'm just trying to get to the bottom of this." he said.  "I don't think of it as stalking you.  I just want to ask you some questions, and I'll move on."\
	"It's ok, you've been fine." she said.  "I understand that.  I wish I could offer you more information."  Erica studied her empty bowl of pasta, scraped complacently on the swirls of sauce left behind.  "There's alot of questions I wish I could ask her myself.  Not that it matters," she pointed out, "but we didn't exactly leave off on a good page.  Regardless of what she did . . . I'd give anything to have a final talk with her, to settle things."\
	"Yeah?" Francis asked, looking to Erin, "What would you say to her?"\
	"Well," Erica began, "I'd tell her I was sorry.  I mean, she wasn't the only person makin gbad choices.  I did the same.  I 
\i do 
\i0 the same . . ." Erin said quietly.  "You ever . . . " she said awkwardly, "You ever wonder if you're doing the right thing?  You know, living your life for Christ?  I wonder that sometimes.  I know its wrong.  But Erin always wondered that herself.  I imagine that was because she was a new Christian.  But I wish I would have admitted to her that I sometimes felt the same way . . ." Erica looked up at Francis.  "I'm never going to see you again, right?" she asked.\
	"Right." Francis said.  "You can tell me things, don't worry about it."\
	"Well," Erin said, "I sometimes wonder if I'm where I'm supposed to be.  I feel like - no, I know that I'm reeling a good deal of myself, you know?"\
	"Yes."\
	"And I know that basically we're taught to do that.  But I wonder sometimes if that's really the way god intended it.  I told Erin this once.  But we never got the chance to discuss it, really, she killed herself just a month later.  I would really like to know what she thought.  I mean, despite it all, she was always the voice of reason for me.  I would like to hear her take on it."\
	Francis nodded.  "I think, I think that if Erin were here, she would tell you that she understood that part of you.  She would tell you, that she sees love pouring out from you.  And that's a good thing.  That you should restrain such a beautiful gift."\
	Erica nodded, close to tears.  \
	"I know you guys had alot of disagreements.  But in the end, you weren't that different.  Whatever it is you've done to each other, she forgive you for it.  That I can guarantee."\
	Erica nodded some more, in rhythm with Francis' words.  \
	"You know, I'm surprised you don't know the rest of this story, because you know Erin so well.  I'm sorry I can't tell you anything else.  I have my obligations to the church.  But truly, I hope you find someone who can.  Matt is probably a good next step.  He really loved Erin."\
	"Ok." Francis said, nodding.  "Thank you so much, I'm sure this has been hard for you."\
	"No really, its fine." she said, drying the corner of her eye with her sleeve.  She looked Francis square in the eye.  "Francis, I don't know who you are, but you've just made things alot easier for me . . ."  She hesitated on what she was about to say.  " . . . I know this sounds crazy.  But if you . . . 
\i see
\i0  Erin, or, I don't know but, would you tell her that I forgive her too?  That we're all square now?"\
	"Yeah, I'll do that." Francis said.  "But she knows."\
	"Thank you." Erica said.  "Good luck Francis."\
	Francis got up and headed to the door.  Erin followed quickly behind.  It was eight o'clock, and the night was still beginning.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 16 - Wrong.\
\
	It was several blocks before either Francis or Erin said a word.  Erica had provided much needed information, but it was becoming apparent that the more of this crucial knowledge they gained, the more they would inwardly regret it.\
	\'93Where are we going?\'94 Erin asked, lagging a few feet behind Francis, who darted forward feverishly.\
	\'93I, I don\'92t know.\'94 he said angrily.  \
	\'93Francis . . . are you mad at me?\'94 Erin asked sheepishly.\
	\'93I don\'92t know!\'94  Francis said.\
	\'93So you believe her?  Just like that you\'92re against me?\'94\
	\'93Do you 
\i not
\i0  believe her?\'94 Francis hollered, wheeling around to face her.  \'93Do you have some contradictory proof?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m as confused as you, but I don\'92t think I\'92m capable of something like that!\'94\
	\'93Based on 
\i what?!
\i0 \'94 Francis screamed - \'93Based on the entire 
\i life
\i0  you can\'92t remember?!  We knew something big was coming, and this is just the tip of the iceberg!  I though maybe you had been a whore or a liar, I thought I could deal with that,\'94\
	\'93You shut the fuck up!\'94 Erin screamed back.  \'93You don\'92t know any more than I do.  We are both clueless!\'94\
	\'93No, two 
\i days
\i0  ago we were clueless.  Now we have all sorts of clues!  There\'92s a 
\i reason
\i0  you killed yourself, Erin.  Good little people with sinless lives don\'92t do that.  Liars, cheaters, MURDERERS, they take their lives.\'94\
	This sentence made Erin sick to her stomach.\
	\'93JUDAS took his life because he was haunted by the things he did.  You\'92re not any different.  I don\'92t know why you\'92re here right now, but its just a stop on your way to hell.\'94\
	\'93Francis,\'94 Erin cried.  \'93Why are you reacting this way?  We knew something like this was coming, I told you there was, why are you reacting so harshly?\'94\
	\'93This isn\'92t harsh, this is how I should have acted all along.  God\'92s forsaken you and here I am trying to redeem you against his will.\'94\
	\'93What are you saying?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93I\'92m saying that I can\'92t help you Erin.  I don\'92t want to know any more.\'94  Francis was visbibly shaking.  \'93I ended things with Erica well.  I told her what you wrote, I let her know you forgave her.  Now, please,\'94 Francis pleaded, \'93Just leave me alone.\'94\
	\'93No . . .\'94  Erin pleaded back, \'93Francis, you\'92re the only person that can see me.  You\'92re the only person that can help me.\'94\
	\'93No, no, I can\'92t help you, I\'92m sorry.  I\'92m not strong enough for this.\'94  Francis began to walk away.  \'93Please, I\'92m sorry.  You\'92ll find someone else, I\'92m sure of it.\'94\
	\'93You know I won\'92t.\'94 Erin said.  \'93You know you\'92re my last chance, that its just by some miracle that I\'92ve been able to talk to you.\'94\
	\'93Please,\'94 Francis asked, \'93Don\'92t call this a miracle.\'94\
	Francis continued, while Erin remained in place.  She was beyond the place where tears helped.  Slowly she shuffled her way to the park bench she had occupied the first night she had discovered the truth about herself, where she had first read the note, and Francis had pledged to help her.\
	All men are liars.  All women are too.  Its more of a unifying trait of humanity than a character flaw.  And its not so true to say that this habit is fed by a desire to deceive - more often than not, its made to solidify a truth that has not truly formed yet, and is destroyed when an equally true truth surfaces before the first truth ever fully materialized.  Time can be blamed for most lies, and its inability to commit as solidly the next morning as it does the night before, for making love prove itself for a day longer than it can, for allowing the alcohol to leave the bloodstream and returning sober thought to someone who was perfectly happy without it.  Francis did not lie to her, intentionally, but too many truths were piled up in some way that eventually eclipsed the first truth - that everyone deserves a second chance.\
	In his apartment Francis poured two cups of tea.  He had not though much about it but felt frustrated when he noticed.\
	Francis began to weep.  Returning from a dusty closet with a handful of photos, he sat on the couch and began to cycle through the sets.  They had not been opened in a very long time.  Occasionally he would place one aside from the rest, until there was a small stack.  He then cycled through this stack, still crying, narrowing down the stack further and further still.\
	\
	Outside Erin paced the quiet streets as the town neared closer to a contented sleep.  The lamps shone the cobbled sidewalks in small yellow bevels that each fit the sole of Erin\'92s shoe in a different way.  She wondered about Matt, Ryan, Kevin, and the other people she had yet to talk to.  She could always go to the country club tomorrow and poke around.  It was possible Matt carried the disposable camera with him.  As a memento or something.  Or perhaps she could find out his address from a paycheck or something, and find the camera in his house.  \
	But she would not be able to talk to Matt.  \
\
	Erin rounded the block and found herself in front of Francis\'92 apartment again.  She debated waiting for him.  The streets were so silent and she was becoming a little bit scared.\
	Finding a foot hold in the cracked brick wall, Erin was able to lift herself up to the bottom rung of a metal fire escape ladder that hung from the side of his building.  Carefully she climbed the cold steel rungs until she reached the first platform on the second floor.  Carefully, moving low to the ground, she made her way up the row of stairs leading to the third floor, the floor on which Francis\'92 apartment was.  She crept to the window sill of his apartment and looked inside.\
	Holding a single picture he shook uncontrollably, moaning as tears rolled down his face, contorted in a combination of misery and fear.  He was sweating and turning red, gripping the table for support.\
	Erin pulled desperately at the wrong side of the window pain, finally leveraging it with her nails until it slid open.  Rushing to the couch she grabbed Francis\'92 hand and held it to her heart.\
	Francis leaned in and embraced her, sobbing loudly.\
	\'93Its ok, calm down, nothing\'92s wrong.\'94\
	\'93
\i Everything
\i0  is wrong.\'94 Francis said, still gasping for air.  \'93Everything, everything I\'92ve ever done and that\'92s ever happened to me, its all been wrong.\'94\
\
	Another pot of tea was brewing in the teapot on the coffee table.  Francis had added double the amount of tea leaves as normal, and his tea cup shook in anticipation in his hand.  As the egg timer in the kitchen chimed he quickly lifted the teapot and began to pour.\
	\'93Careful,\'94 Erin said, \'93It\'92s going to be hot.\'94\
	Francis nodded, and passed to liquid back and forth, from his cup, to Erin\'92s, then back to his.  Closing his eyes he took a long sip of the tea.\
	\'93What happened?\'94 Erin asked cautiously.  \'93This was because of me, wasn\'92t it?\'94\
	\'93No,\'94 Francis said.  \'93Its not your fault.  There\'92s just alot to it.\'94\
	Erin nodded.  She looked at the pictures on the table.  The picture Francis had been holding, now crumpled at the bottom from the stress of of his fingers on the film, was of him and a girl, standing on a stage somewhere.\
	\'93Do you want to talk about it?\'94 Erin said, holding the picture up.  \'93This is Claire, isn\'92t it?\'94\
	\'93Yes,\'94 Francis said, breathing deeply, \'93That\'92s Claire.\'94\
	\'93Doesn\'92t look like these pictures have been looked at in a while.\'94 Erin noted, wiping a clod of dust off one batch\'92s slip cover.  \'93What made you think of her tonight?\'94\
	\'93Do you really want to hear?\'94  Francis asked.\
	\'93Absolutely.\'94 Erin affirmed.\
	Francis took a long, deep breath.  \'93When I was fourteen, I met Claire at church.  She was the nicest . . . I mean, there\'92s just no way to describe her.\'94\
	\'93She\'92s beautiful.\'94 Erin said, staring at the picture.  \
	\'93Not just that,\'94 Francis said.  \'93She was so clever.  So well thought out and put together.  And she could sing like you could not believe.  She would sing Ella and Nina Simone in this voice that was like rubbing jelly on a slice of bread.\'94\
	Erin smiled warmly.\
	\'93I really like her, I mean, even for a fourteen year old I would say the emotions were complex and deep.  She fit this part of me no one else had ever noticed, that no one else had even tried to fit in.  We started playing in the church band together, and we became really close.  I would play guitar and she would sing . . .\'94  Francis motioned to an acoustic guitar, also covered in dust, leaned into a corner of the wall by his desk.  Around it was stacks and stacks of sheet music.  \'93It became my whole life.  Just to be close to her.\'94\
	\'93You guys started dating then?\'94\
	\'93Hmm, not really officially, and all that.  I mean, we weren\'92t really supposed to be doing that in our church.  But we were well recognized as this ideallic couple.  We were very discreet, but we were in love.\'94  Francis\'92 eyes turned serious.  \'93When we were both fifteen,\'94 he said, \'93Claire was driving to church with her dad, and someone ran a red light and t-boned them.  Claire, her dad, and the other driver, they were all killed instantly.\'94\
	Erin grabbed Francis\'92 hand, tears welling in her own eyes.  \
	\'93I was setting up for the Sunday service, we were all tuning our instruments, but Claire hadn\'92t shown up yet.  I got a very worried feeling when they dimmed the lights and we started without her.  About ten minutes later someone came in stopped the service . . .\
	It was an accident.  A total accident.  But to me that man was a murderer.  You have no idea, 
\i no idea
\i0  how it felt.  To have a completely innocent life taken away from you like that.  I would give anything to go back in time, to somehow slow down the events and throw myself in front of the car instead.  
\i I wanted nothing more from life but to see Claire again.
\i0   And when I met you, I thought that maybe this was some sort of sign.  That maybe if God was allowing me to see you, if I could help you, then maybe . . .\'94  Francis was beginning to cry again.\
	\'93It\'92s ok, I understand.  Really, I understand.\'94  Erin said.  She embraced Francis again.  \'93I\'92m sorry that god sent the wrong girl.\'94\
	\'93No, he sent the right one.\'94 Francis said.  \'93He sent one that needed my help.  Claire was always the one helping me.  After the accident, when I was having panic attacks really bad, there would be these times when I couldn\'92t sleep,\'94 he explained, \'93Not just for a night, but for days.  I would take the pills but they wouldn\'92t work.  I would lie there in bed clawing at the walls, just trying to slow my heart down.  I was so afraid I was going to die.  Sometimes this would go on for three or four days, and eventually I would just pass out from pure exhaustion, my heart still beating like a freight train.  And when I did, sometimes I would have this dream about Claire.  I would be sitting on this crystal white shore, and Claire would be sitting on this island a couple yards away, and she would be singing to me.  There\'92d be this pure white river running between us, with this mystic, deep glow to it.  I would try to get up and go over to her, but when I got close to the water Claire would put up her hand like she was telling me to stop, looking really scared, and she\'92d stop singing.  So I would go sit back down, and she\'92d start again.  I would just sit there in the sand for a while and listen to her sing.  I would eventually wake up in my bed, a couch, or the hospital, and I would feel alot better for a while.\'94  Francis dried his eyes.  \'93I know that if I ever need her again, Claire will be there for me.\'94  he looked at Erin.  \'93Claire doesn\'92t need me.  You do.  And I\'92m going to help you.\'94\
	\'93Thank you.\'94 Erin said solemnly.  \'93That means so much to me.  You have no idea how necessary that forgiveness is for me.\'94\
	\'93No, I do.\'94  Francis said.  \'93It\'92s something I\'92ve been told time and time again that just hasn\'92t managed to stick.  You\'92re forgiven Erin, before you even act.  In time I came to forgive the man that hit Claire.  What I never forgave was myself.  Thinking back like this, and the things Erica said tonight - about not having a boyfriend for God - when I think about Claire I realize that that\'92s not the way I ever really saw it.  Its the way I forced myself to see it.  I was wrong Erin, everyone deserves to have a Claire, no matter how long that lasts.  Everyone deserves the sort of tragedy and mistakes that can create something so strong in them.  And if I was wrong about that, I could be wrong about alot of things.\'94\
	\'93You\'92ve been right about alot of things too, though.\'94 Erin said.  \'93About believing in something you know is right, even when you sound crazy.  Whatever Erica was talking about, I don\'92t believe it.  The way her and the rest of the church acted, I think there\'92s something more to this.  I have faith that I was a good and fair person in life.\'94\
	\'93I believe you were too.\'94  Francis said.  \'93But I\'92m alright with things if you weren\'92t.  You\'92re a valid and redeemable person, regardless.\'94  The two embraced.  \
	\'93From here on out, this really is about you.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Not about your past or what you used to be.  What you are.\'94\
	\'93Agreed.\'94 Erin said.  \'93The same goes for you.\'94\
Chapter 17 - Cache\
	\
	In the morning when the sun\'92s presence went unnoticed through a dense blanket of clouds as dark as charcoal, Erin sat at the window, contemplating their plan for the day.  Her list was shrinking, slowly, her memory was filling itself in.  The remaining parts, she knew, would bring as much unwanted insight as wanted, but the process was to far along now to be stopped.  Erin and Francis both yearned for the truth that remained veiled behind the gauzy layer of Erin\'92s suicide note.  \
	Francis sprung from his door, his hair still wet.  Erin had made coffee, but Francis would be getting a bagel on the road.\
	Cherry Creek sat along a river that ran south of where Francis and Erin lived.  The area was full of ornate pseudo mansions with luxurious front yards and upscale shopping.  However, when Erica had said that Matt worked at the club, there had been no question of interpretation.  Cherry Creek was well known for its extensive country club that occupied 12 acres on the Eastern slope of the city. \
	To make it this far, Francis would have to drive.  This was not something he did often, and there was good reason - the car he owned had been an heirloom from his high school days, a four door Chevy Cavalier that reeked of stale french fries and motor oil.  \
	\'93When the last time you drove this?\'94 Erin asked in disgust.  \'93Nevermind that, when\'92s the last time you cleaned it?\'94\
	\'93Pretty much never.\'94 Francis admitted.  \'93I drive it so rarely, I figure regular maintenance isn\'92t really necessary . . .\'94\
	\'93Well, it 
\i is
\i0 \'94 Erin said, throwing an empty coffee cup to the back seat.  \'93Are you sure its going to start?\'94\
	\'93Pretty sure.\'94 Francis said.  Sitting down and adjusting the mirrors (Francis had grown a bit since the last time he had driven it), he placed the key into the ignition, and turned the key.  The motor started reluctantly but completely, and the car purred into a steady rumble.  Francis pushed the dusty gear shifter into drive and Erin watched as the sidewalk became a series of concrete blips on the sidewalk.  \
	\'93Could you drive?\'94 Francis asked.  \
	\'93I\'92m not sure.\'94 Erin answered.  \'93I don\'92t have a wallet or ID on me or anything.  I don\'92t remember driving though.\'94\
	Francis laughed.  That was kind of a moot point.  \
	As they approached the Cherry Creek Country Club, Erin began to feel nervous.\
	\'93Do you think Matt is going to know alot?\'94 she asked Francis.\
	\'93I don\'92t know.  She said he was in love with you.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s not 
\i exactly 
\i0 what she said.\'94 Erin corrected.  \'93She said he
\i  loved
\i0  me.  Could mean alot of things.\'94\
	The entrance to the Cherry Creek Country club sat beneath a grand arch, engraved with the words \'93CHERRY CREEK COUNTRY CLUB\'94 quite uneccessarily, seeing as the the club did nothing but draw attention to and self-reference.  Everywhere signs hung with their log printed on it; and miles of road were dramatically fenced off, while people only a few feet away drank fancy cocktails while taking swings at golfballs.  \
	\'93Are we allowed to park in here?\'94  Francis wondered aloud as he followed a white sign which read \'91LEFT: MEMBER/EMPLOYEE PARKING  RIGHT:GUESTPARKING\'92.  The driveway stretched around to the back of the club, where Francis was able to find a reasonable spot in a 30 MIN OR LESS area.  The two got out and began to walk to the entrance.\
	Inside the doors Francis was greeted by a man in white slacks and a white collared shirt.  \
	\'93Hello!\'94 the man announced to Francis.  \'93What can we help you with today?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m actually looking for someone.\'94  Francis explained.  \'93A boy here named Matt.\'94\
	\'93Hmmm . . . are you a member?\'94 the man asked.  \
	\'93No, I\'92m just looking for Matt.\'94 Francis explained.  Erin walked behind the counter and began shifting though paperwork left out on the counter.  \'93Found a schedule!\'94  Erin called.  \'938 - 10:30, he\'92s in the towel room.\'94\
	\'93I think he does towels.\'94 Francis said hastily.\
	\'93Oh, he works here?\'94  the man said, \'93Oh 
\i that
\i0  Matt!  You must be his consoler.\'94  \
	\'93Uhh . . .\'94  Francis thought to correct this error but decided instead to see where things went.    The man was already walking away, and sticking his head into an open door, yelled something inaudible into the room.  \'93He\'92ll be out in a minute!\'94 the man said, nodding politely and walking in a different direction.\
	\'93What do you think that was about?\'94 Erin asked.  Francis shrugged as a young man walked towards them - he was tall, and quite handsome.  The kind of handsome everyone notices and trusts without reason.  He approached Francis looking a bit confused but still smiling an assuring grin.\
	\'93Can I help you?\'94 he asked quite innocently.  \
	\'93I think so.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I believe you knew a girl named Erin McAfee.\'94\
	The boy\'92s look turned serious, but he still wore a large, out of place grin on his face.  \'93What\'92s this about?\'94 he asked.  \'93Are you with the police?\'94\
	\'93No,\'94 Francis said.  \'93I was a close personal friend.\'94  He thought for a second.  \'93I cared for Erin very much.  I\'92m aware that you did too.\'94\
	Matt thought pensively, looked around at the meager crowd wandering the club lobby.  \'93Hey Brent!\'94 he called to a similar looking boy in matching clothes.  \'93I\'92m taking a fifteen!\'94 \
	\
	Matt stirred a fruit smoothie nervously in the small cafe at the club\'92s entrance.  \'93Real good for you.\'94 he said, pointing to the purple slush inside the see-through cup.  \'93It\'92s got protein in it.\'94\
	\'93Sounds great.\'94 Francis said, stirring an incredibly weak, auburn cup of coffee; the barista had apparently misinterpreted his request for \'91plain\'92.  Erin tore with her nails at the thick skin of a pineapple she had taken from a display on the counter - it had looked delicious at the time, but now she wondered how she would go about eating it.\
	\'93So you knew Erin?\'94 Matt asked.  \
	\'93Yes.\'94  Francis said.  \'93But as I\'92m finding out, not that well.  To be honest with you, I\'92m trying to discover why Erin killed herself.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t really want to talk about this.\'94 Matt said, stirring the already liquified beverage.  \'93If you have something you want to know I\'92ll tell you, or if you just wanted to meet me, whatever.  But I don\'92t want ta . . . to talk about 
\i that.
\i0 \'94\
	\'93I understand.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Its still . . . hard to remember it?\'94\
	Matt shrugged and gave a little chuckle.  \'93Well, I don\'92t know.  I guess a little.  I mean, I\'92ve made peace with it, personally, but its not really something I like to talk about, you know?  I mean, what\'92s done is done.\'94\
	Erin glanced hesitantly at Francis.\
	\'93I know its easier to forget the past.\'94 Francis said.  \'93And at some point we all should.  But  . . . it would mean alot to me to talk about her.\'94\
	\'93What do you want to know?\'94  Matt asked.  \'93I mean, she was an amazing girl, no doubt.  I know what you\'92ve probably heard about her, but that\'92s all bullshit.\'94 he looked avoidingly out the window.  \'93Sorry if that offends you, but its the truth.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s what I believe too.\'94 Francis said, relieved.  \'93I\'92m so happy to find someone who agrees with 
\i me.
\i0 \'94\
	Matt locked eyes with him.  \'93It was appalling what happened, am I right?  That fucking church . . . I\'92m sorry.\'94 Matt said, taking a deep breath.  \'93I don\'92t want to jump to any conclusions about your beliefs, offend you or anything like that.  But that church was evil.  That pastor pastor and his wife they were evil.  The whole damn congregation.\'94\
	\'93You used to go there?\'94  Francis asked.\
	\'93Yeah, very hesitantly.  I mean, my parents brought me there so I got involved.  I used to play drums in the worship band.\'94\
	\'93You don\'92t say?\'94 Francis said.\
	\'93Stay focused!\'94 Erin insisted.\
	\'93I left after what happened with Erin though.  Jumped the train, so to speak.\'94\
	\'93Really?  So you feel it was the church\'92s fault?\'94\
	\'93Absolutely.\'94 Matt said, sucking a huge clump of ice through his straw.  \'93Those people were nuts.  They wanted all of us to conform to this one belief, and people don\'92 t work that way!\'94 he motioned a wide shrug with his hands.  \
	\'93See, me and Erin used to talk alot about this.  She was alot like me.  We saw that things were so much bigger than what they thought.  So much different.  We got in trouble together alot, did alot of things we weren\'92t supposed to.  Not bad things, just stuff they didn\'92t like.\'94\
	\'93Oh?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  One of the last nights before . . . we took a bunch of pictures in the church, after hours.  Alot of shit happened that night.\'94  Matt nodded silently into the table.  \'93Wasn\'92t her fault.\'94 he said bluntly. \'93Alot of people tried to blame her for every bad thing that happened, like she had control over any of it.\'94\
	\'93Why?\'94  Francis approached carefully.  \'93Why was Erin blamed for everything?\'94\
	Matt inhaled deeply.  \'93Because people are awful.  They are without a doubt the stupidest, most emotionally illiterate creatures to walk the earth.  They should all march into the water like a bunch of lemmings.\'94\
	\'93Everyone?\'94 Francis said skeptically, a coy grin on his face, \'93Even yourself?\'94\
	\'93Especially me.\'94 he said.  \
	An awkward silence fell upon the table.  \
	\'93The pictures,\'94 Francis said, \'93It sounds strange, but I\'92d really like to see them.\'94\
	\'93Which ones?\'94 Matt asked.  \'93We took alot of pictures.\'94\
	\'93The night you two took pictures in the church, Erin said there was a disposable camera that hadn\'92t been developed.\'94\
	\'93You talked to her after that?\'94  Matt asked in disbelief.  \'93What did she say to you?\'94\
	\'93Umm . . . \'94 Francis stuttered, attempting to improvise,  \'93She said she had alot of fun?\'94\
	\'93FUCKING LIAR.\'94 Matt said, pounding his fist on the table.  \'93How do you know about Erin?  How did you get these weird little pieces of information, because you definitely haven\'92t ever met her.\'94\
	\'93I resent that!\'94 Francis yelled back, \'93I knew Erin very well too.  You weren\'92t the only one that cared about her.  Now I don\'92t know everything, I told you that.  I can\'92t explain how I know these things, but this is what we have to work with.  I know Erin left without giving anyone the reasons they wanted.  But if you meet me halfway, we can get closer to understanding her decision.  That\'92s what you want, isn\'92t it?\'94\
	Matt nodded solemnly, attempting to regain his composure.  \'93I have the camera,\'94 he said, \'93But I never developed the pictures.  I couldn\'92t.\'94  Matt looked to Francis.  \'93Just a second.\'94 he said.  Going behind the counter through an employee door, Matt returned with a backpack in his hand.  He pulled out his keys, and flipped them too a small iron key.  \
	\'93I have to keep it with me, you know\'94 he said as he matched it to a tiny lock holding together a couple of zippers on a small pocket on the pack\'92s interior.  Freeing the lock, Matt opened the pouch and retrieved an old looking disposable camera.\
	\'93It\'92s yours.\'94 he said.  \'93If you\'92re serious about this, go for it.  I don\'92t want to see it.  I don\'92t want to be involved.  I know as much as I want to.\'94\
	\'93Did you know that Erin really cared about you?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93 . . . I think I did.\'94 he said.  \'93I didn\'92t ever tell her, but I cared about her alot too.\'94\
	\'93She knew.\'94 Francis said.  \'93She told me once, that she knew no one would ever understand you, not completely.  But she loved parts of you more than she loved the wholes of others.\'94\
	Matt looked Francis in the eyes, his eyes red but maintaining their cool, indifferent glean.  \'93I guess you really did know Erin.  That\'92s exactly what she\'92d say.\'94  Matt tapped the camera with his finger.  \'93There\'92s important things in here.\'94 he said.  \'93Maybe not on film, but there\'92s parts of this that only Erin and me can understand.  Please take care of those things.  Don\'92t use them against us.\'94\
	\'93Absolutely.\'94  Francis said.\
	Matt nodded.  \'93I have to get back to work.  But thanks for talking with me.\'94\
	\'93I should be thanking you.\'94 Francis replied.\
	\'93I think we both helped each other here.\'94 he said.  \'93Good luck Francis.\'94\
	\'93Thank you.\'94\
	Matt walked back into the back room.  \
	\'93Dang,\'94 Francis said, standing.  \'93We forgot to ask him about the other people on the list.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s ok, we got enough from him, I think.\'94  Erin said, walking outside.  \'93We need to get a Photo Hut or something.\'94\
	Erin and Francis sat on an out of place wooden bench in a Walgreens, waiting for their photos to be developed.  \
	\'93Who\'92ve we got left?  To visit?\'94\
	Erin unfolded the not and took a look through it. \
	\'93Kevin, Ryan, John, and Pastor McGregor.\'94\
	\'93Well, we know we could probably find Kevin and McGregor at Sunrise.  Are you ready to go there?\'94\
	\'93I am.\'94 Erin affirmed.  \'93I feel like its a necessary next step.  It\'92s going to be hard, like every other place we\'92ve gone, but it will be worth it.\'94\
	\'93What about John and Ryan?  We don\'92t have many clues about them.\'94\
	\'93Practically none.\'94 she agreed.  \'93The memory I have of John, we were so young - I wonder if he even lives here.  I remember reading something about us moving.  He could be in a different city or something.  As for Ryan, it sounds like we\'92d been close recently, but there\'92s no way of telling.  I don\'92t even have a memory to go on.\'94\
	A woman walked to the front counter of the photo booth.  \'93Here\'92s your prints!\'94  she called to Francis.  Hurriedly he thanked the woman and walked through the sliding glass doors, Erin walking pensively after him.  \
	Inside the car, Francis tore open the thin cardboard casing of the 3x5s, and held them where Erin could see.  Delicately she touched the corners of the pictures, and she began to remember.\
\
	The night was beginning to chill where she and Matt stood in front of the church.  It was getting late, but the were not tired.  \
	\'93That was the strangest trip I\'92ve ever been on.\'94 Erin said, shivering a little.  \'93Do you think of me as-\'94\
	\'93Of course not.\'94  Matt replied.  \'93I knew you before, I know you now.  Nothing\'92s changed.\'94\
	Tears welled in Erin\'92s eyes.  \'93Thank you Matt.\'94 she said, \'93You have no idea how much that means to me.\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t worry about it . . .\'94 Matt said, looking embarrassedly at the dirt of the ground.  Two stacks of bags and suitcases rest on the few patches of grass before the church doors.  \
	\'93I\'92ve still got a bunch of pictures left on this camera.\'94  he said.  \'93You want to take some more?\'94\
	\'93You didn\'92t use them all?\'94\
	\'93No\'94, he replied, \'93There wasn\'92t much worth taking pictures of.  Place was kind of ugly.  But you\'92re not.\'94\
	\'93Aww, thanks.\'94 Erin said sweetly.  She tilted her head sideways as Matt snapped a picture.  \'93It\'92s cold though, can we go inside?\'94\
	The church foyer was quiet and still in the dark night.  Everyone had left for the night, even the janitors - the hallway lights were off and soft moonlight filtered in through the open windows.  Bright bursts of flash followed Erin as she wandered into the dark depths of the unfamiliar place her church had become with the lights off.  \
	\'93I\'92ve heard that there\'92s weird parts to this church that no one gets to ever go in.\'94 Matt said.  \'93You know, because the built it out of Pastor McGregor\'92s house and just adding more and more rooms onto it.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, someone was telling me that.\'94 Erin said.  Together they slid further into the dark interiors.  Pressed by a morbid curiosity they opened doors they hadn\'92t used before, when deeper into hallways they had only used one wing of.  The building itself was huge - after a few visits it was easy to tell that the church had been built around the old, grey stone chapel whose large wooden doors and hand carved steeple still served as the most distinguishing feature of the building.  The rest of the building was a macrame of architecture styles from the early 1950\'92s to present, added in small spurts throughout the years.  The chapel had long since been outgrown by its congregation, but was still used for weddings and funerals.  At the South end of the building a new, more fitting sanctuary was being built, but until it was finished, services were being held in a large auditorium.  Erin and Matt passed the current sanctuary like quiet ghosts - at night it took on an eerie ambiance with its rows of metal folding chairs.  Matt made a dash for the pulpit, and picking up a large decorative cross next to it, began to address to congregation of Erin.\
	\'93All rise!\'94 he called loudly.  \
	Erin was already standing, but she hopped a little in the air to emphasis her piety.\
	\'93People of Sunrise, you are being lied to!\'94\
	\'93Hush now!\'94 Erin said.  \'93Someone might still be here.\'94\
	\'93I do not care, for this is the word of our Lord.  Long have we been hidden in what we\'92ve been told is right. TODAY!\'94 Matt cried, holding a hand in the air, \'93TODAY is the day we will change!  TODAY will be the day we step away from the atrocities and judgements of the modern age.  We will give up petty arguments, we will FORGIVE, because Christ forgave us first.\'94\
	Erin gave a small golf clap from a row of metal folding chairs.  Matt took a picture of her from the pulpit.\
	\'93Do you know why Christ can forgive us?\'94 he asked. \'93Because he know us.  
\i All 
\i0 of us.  When you truly know someone, its possible to forgive them for anything.\'94  Matt descended the pulpit.\
	Footsteps echoed deeply in the absence of Matt\'92s voice.  \'93Hello?\'94 called a woman\'92s voice.  \'93Is someone in here?\'94\
	A light flipped on, and Ann stood before them in the doorway.  \'93Oh - Erin.  Matt.  What are you two still doing here?\'94\
	Ann walked into the room slowly - she was approaching her sixties, and her face showed perceivable signs of age.  Still she was dressed in a fashionable, becoming manner - Her plated pants showed signs of refinement, her red blouse and long, white wooly scarf had a touch of artistic influence.\
	\'93Sorry Mrs. McGregor!\'94 Erin apologized.  She felt a bit anxious.  \'93Could you guys hear us?\'94\
	\'93Well I heard 
\i something
\i0  coming from in here.\'94 she replied.\
	\'93We were just exploring a little bit.\'94  Matt explained.  \'93Nothing major.  Just taking a look around.\'94\
	\'93Well we\'92re very lucky to have two students so devoted that they refuse to leave the church, but you really can\'92t be in here alone, especially this late.\'94 she said suspiciously.  \'93What are you doing with the lights of anyway?\'94  \
	\'93It was adding to the effect.\'94 Matt said.  \'93We heard there were some secret parts of the church that aren\'92t used much, or at all anymore.  We thought they might be interesting.\'94\
	Ann looked puzzled, then slightly pleased by this question.\
	\'93Actually, I was just thinking of a similar subject myself.\'94 she said mildly.  \'93There are, you know, things we used to use alot but have gotten away from in recent days.  Did you want to see some of them?\'94\
	\'93Well, yeah,\'94 Matt said, \'93Do you know where some are?\'94\
	\'93If you\'92re not busy, or tired,\'94 Erin insisted, \'93Me and Matt were getting ready to leave, we don\'92t want to be a bother.\'94\
	\'93Not at all!\'94  Ann said cheerfully.  \'93I\'92m not ready for bed yet anyway.\'94 she said as she began to lead the two deeper into the church.\
	\'93What\'92s it like living in the church?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93Its so crazy that you guys sleep above the chapel.\'94\
	\'93Well that Chapel used to be a living room.\'94  Ann laughed.  When we started the church . . . what was it, forty years ago, we had to use what we had, so our living room became the chapel.  We just never felt like moving our bedroom, especially since Simon likes to get up and work on his sermons when he can\'92t sleep.\
	\'93I\'92ve heard he does that!\'94 Erin said.  \'93How charismatic.\'94\
	\'93Yes, Simon\'92s always been drawn to leading the people.  And he\'92s always said practice makes 
\i better
\i0 .\'94\
	\'93Right right.\'94 Matt said.  \'93So where are we going?\'94\
	\'93Well,\'94 Ann said, removing a key from her pocket and putting it into an old iron lock on an equally old door, \'93This is a room we used to use alot when we first formed the church, for new members.  It\'92s going to be a little cold down here.\'94\
	Before them was a damp stone staircase, that descended into darkness.  Erin felt a chill that pushed its way through the Erin in the memory, and the Erin feeling it.  And suddenly Erin emerged, the chill still permeating into her depths.  She looked at the photos replay the memory in  staccato, talking Francis through the steps as she went.  There was the picture of her walking down the hallway, the one from the pulpit - one of Ann\'92s face at the top of the stone\'92s stairs.  \
	\'93This is where the memory cut off for me.\'94\
	\'93But there\'92s more pictures.\'94  Francis pointed out.  \
	\'93Really?\'94 Erin asked, as Francis flipped to the next one.  \
	\'93Looks like they get really blurry from here . . .\'94\
	The next shot was a close up of the stone stair case, with figures rushing along.  The next was mostly blurs of color and light reflecting.  \
	\'93It kind of looks like water.\'94 Francis said.  \'93This is definitely strange.\'94\
	The pictures became darker and darker until their subjects faded out completely, leaving the last three shots completely black.\
	\'93The room must have been huge for the flash not to have hit 
\i anything
\i0 .\'94 Erin said.  \'93This creeps me out big time.\'94\
	\'93So Ann was McGregor\'92s wife?\'94\
	\'93Sounds like it.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I wrote that I was most sorry to her, that I didn\'92t think an explanation was necessary?\'94\
	\'93And you talked about placing the gloves McGregor gave you her grave . . .\'94 there was not much room for speculation.  \'93The things Erica said . . .\'94 Francis suggested carefully, \'93Do you think Ann had anything to do with it?\'94  He paused.  \'93I mean . . .\'94\
	\'93I definitely see the connection.\'94 Erin said.  \'93But like I said - I still don\'92t believe it.  I know what I\'92m capable of.  Murder isn\'92t one of those things.\'94\
	\'93Fair enough.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Well, I think the next step is clear.\'94\
	Francis started the car.  \'93Sunrise isn\'92t far from here.\'94\
	\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 18 -  The Realest Things\
\
	To get to Sunrise, you must drive through several miles of forrest.  As previously discussed, the church was built out of Simon and Ann McGregor\'92s home.  Built in the late 1940s by Simon\'92s father, the stone house was given to Simon as a wedding gift.  The McGregors had always appreciated life in the heart of the wilderness, where modern conveniences could not reach them.  As the home developed into a church, the location became ideal as house of worship removed from the hustle of everyday life - walking up the serene dirt walkway into the giant wooden doors of a bygone era hit the perfect note for many attendees, who spent most of their life in plain colored cubicles, staring at glowing screens.\
	Erin, too, was taken by the charm ever still, as her and Francis rolled slowly into the log-cut parking lot.  It was all but empty.  \
	The two got out and stretched, staring silently at the old building.  Though not even inside, Erin could feel a mix of strange feelings clawing their way out of the place, tapping her on the shoulder and beckoning her closer. \
	\'93So we\'92re looking for Kevin and Simon McGregor.  Youth pastor and pastor, respectively.\'94  Erin said.  \'93Shouldn\'92t be too hard.\'94\
	Francis looked around; the place was quiet.  Upon opening the door the silence continued for Francis - a dull, natural hum indistinguishable from the one outside.  But to Erin, the room lit up with the distant calls of far off places and emotions.\
	\'93Are you ok?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93I\'92m ok.\'94 Erin said, clutching her stomach.  \'93Alot of things happened here.  I can feel it.  I think alot of good and bad things, I\'92m not sure.  All of it is making me a little nauseous.\'94\
	\'93Yeah?\'94 he said, \'93Do you need to stand outside for a while?\'94\
	\'93No, I\'92m good.\'94 she replied.  \'93Can\'92t stop now.  Gotta see it with my own eyes.  See, its already fading.  I feel fine.\'94  Erin placed her hand on the wall to steady herself - the unique curve, the wall\'92s texture, sent another ripple of sound through her.\
	\'93You sure?\'94 he asked again.\
	\'93Positive.\'94 she said, grinning and steadying herself.\
	\'93Well then, we probably need to find some offices.\'94 Francis said.  \'93If anyone is here on a Saturday afternoon, they\'92re probably just doing paperwork.\'94\
	\'93Well the fellowship hall is that way - \'94 Erin said, pointing down a hallway to the right, \'93I got a pretty good look at it this morning.  I\'92m betting office are in the other direction.\'94 \
	The two followed a short hallway and climbed a set of stairs to the left, landing on a much newer floor.  the walls were a pristine white that echoed the sterile appeal of a doctor\'92s office.  On the left and right were numerous doors, and a quiet hum of precision emanated from a few of them.  \
	\'93Still feels kind of empty.\'94 Francis remarked as they made their way down the newly carpeted hall.  Sitting in a desk recessed into the wall was a young woman, looking a bit frazzled in what appeared to be a homemade dress.\
	\'93Can I help you?\'94 she offered to the confused Francis.  \'93You looking for someone?\'94  The woman seemed kind, if not a bit off - several pens stuck out of her hair as though the had long since forgotten them and had started adding more on accident.  \
	\'93Yes,\'94 Francis said, \'93I\'92m looking for Pastor McGregor, or Kevin, the youth pastor.\'94\
	\'93Either one?\'94 the woman at the desk asked.  \
	\'93Uhh, yeah.  Well, both.\'94\
	\'93You want to talk to both of them?  Like at the same time?\'94\
	\'93No, um, one at a time.  Or both at the same time.  Doesn\'92t matter.\'94\
	\'93Oh god, just 
\i pick
\i0  one.\'94 Erin said, \'93You\'92re confusing her.\'94\
	\'93Are you selling something?\'94 the woman asked.  \
	\'93No no, sorry,\'94 Francis explained, \'93I\'92m . . . my family just moved here, and we\'92re looking for a new church.  I wanted to talk to the pastors to get a better feel for the place.\'94\
	\'93Oh, that sounds lovely!\'94 the woman said.\
	\'93Finally, a decent adlib.\'94 Erin commended.\
	\'93You know, we have a wonderful children\'92s program.  If I had children myself, I\'92d love to get them in there.  Jeez, I would settle for just working in that department.\'94\
	\'93That sounds nice.\'94 Francis said.\
	\'93Well, Pastor McGregor is not in yet.  He lives on the premise, but Saturday afternoon is usually when he\'92s in prayer and practices his sermons.  However 
\i Kevin
\i0  is probably in his office.  Its always open, but there might be some youth hanging around.\'94\
	\'93Really?  They do that?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, we can\'92t get them to leave him alone.  He\'92s 
\i very
\i0  well liked, amongst the youth and the parents.\'94\
	\'93Wow.  That\'92s pretty cool.\'94\
	\'93Yes, we certainly think so.\'94 the woman agreed.  \'93He\'92s down there on the right, at the end of the hall.\'94  The woman leaned forward out of her cubby and pointed.\
	\'93Ok thanks.\'94 Francis said.  Together Erin and Francis made their way down the hall and peaked inside the office.  The desk inside was covered in foam mini footballs, messy paperwork, and a few Nerf guns.  A man sat facing a computer watching a video on youtube of a band performing.  It was the same man that had appeared with Erica at the church meeting in Stella\'92s. \
	Francis knocked on the door frame, generating a sound which startled the poor man half to death.\
	\'93Well hello there!\'94 he said politely to Francis, rearranging the papers his sudden convulsion sent spinning around the desk.  \'93What can I do ya for?\'94\
	Francis introduced himself, and explained the imaginary situation he had concocted when speaking to the girl at the desk.\
	\'93Well I\'92m glad you\'92re looking at our church.\'94 he said, smiling proudly.  \'93How\'92d you hear about us.\'94  Kevin looked quite effected by the implications the question imposed.  \
	\'93Umm, just driving around.\'94  he said.  \'93I noticed you guys were Methodist.  Our old church was Methodist.\'94\
	\'93Very cool.\'94 Kevin said.  \'93And you\'92ve got teenage . . . kids?  Sibblings?\'94 he laughed.  \'93Sorry, don\'92t mean to be so imposing, you just look so young.\'94\
	\'93Umm, my sister.\'94 Francis said.  \'93She\'92s sixteen.  Very active in our old church.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s good to hear!\'94 Kevin said.  \'93We\'92ve got a few of those here, I\'92m sure she\'92d fit right in. We do alot of youth centered activities, both service based and just for fun.  If you want I\'92ve got a list of what we\'92re doing this month -\'94\
	Kevin grabbed a stack of papers off his desk, which had been barricading in a reservoir of assorted toys.  They spilled out across the desk, sending several marbles and balls careening over the edge of the desk - instinctively Erin reached out her hand and caught a small rubber bouncy ball, and as it sunk into her palm she felt it weigh her down like a brick.  A black hole, she felt gravity implode and suck her into another black night of her forgotten youth.\
	\
	
\i Tump\
	\
	Tump\
\
	Tump\
\
	
\i0 Erin\'92s eyes adjusted to the night, making out about four other people standing on a rooftop.\
	\'93I\'92m going back down.\'94 Karen huffed angrily from metal ladder, her head poking through the ceiling like a rabbit hole.  \'93We\'92re not supposed to be up here.  I\'92m going back down.\'94\
	\'93Then go!\'94 Ryan yelled, throwing a bouncy ball at a sharp angle at the rooftop.\
	
\i Tump.
\i0 \
	The ball went soaring off into the dark woods, till it was no longer visible.\
	\'93Where\'92d they all go?\'94 Erica called.  \'93There was a bunch more.\'94\
	\'93Some of them got lost in the snow I think.\'94 said a boy standing beside Erin.  \'93I don\'92t think we\'92ll be able to find them in the dark.\'94\
	\'93We still have alot though, right Ryan?\'94 Erin asked.  \
	\'93Oh yeah.\'94 Matt confirmed.  \'93Where did you find all these?\'94\
	\'93Children\'92s ministry closet.\'94  Erin said.\
	\'93Ooooooh Rebel.\'94 Erica called cheerily.  \'93Think they\'92re going to wonder where they went?\'94\
	\'93Naw, they were all the way in the back.\'94 Erin answered.  \'93I doubt they even knew they had them.\'94\
	\'93Don\'92t they not give them to kids anymore, because they choke on them?\'94 Ryan suggested, attempting to find an amicable resolution to what was sort of stealing.  \'93They probably would have never been used.\'94\
	\'93Man, I wasn\'92t that dumb as a kid.\'94 Erica said.  \'93What are they teaching kids these days?\'94\
	\'93Lies!\'94 Matt hollered loudly, throwing a ball in each hand at the concrete below.  \
	\'93Matt, don\'92t start.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Can we go two days without us all arguing about this?\'94\
	matt shrugged, and continued to hurl balls over the edge.\
	\'93We\'92re going to run out if you keep that up.\'94 Erica complained.  \
	\'93Yeah c\'92mon,\'94 Ryan begged, \'93We\'92re bonding, don\'92t go getting us in trouble.\'94\
	Erica laughed.  \'93Oh, 
\i Ryan
\i0 .  You\'92re so cute.  
\i We\'92re bonding.
\i0 \'94  \
	\'93Hey now . . .\'94 Ryan rebutted.\
	\'93No, I meant that in a good way.\'94  Erica explained.  \'93You just say everything in the strangest way possible.\'94\
	\'93Its not strange.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Ryan knows exactly what he\'92s saying, and he always says what he means.  That\'92s a real gift.\'94\
	\'93Thanks Erin.\'94  Ryan said warmly.  \'93Besides, that\'92s alot better than always saying what you\'92re 
\i thinking
\i0 .\'94 Ryan said teasingly to Erica.  \
	\'93Hey!\'94 she protest, but already the entire group was uproarious with laughter.\
	\'93See?\'94  Matt said, slamming a ball straight down on the roof, waiting for it to fall back into his hand, \'93This is bonding.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m really going back.\'94 Karen said from the ladder.  \
	\'93You\'92re still here?\'94 Erica asked.  \'93Why don\'92t you come up and bond with us.\'94\
	Karen sighed, and when no one was looking, crawled onto the roof, and sat silently by the exit.\
	The wind rustled restlessly through the trees.  Ryan was finally relaxing and breathing in the cool, deep air.  The forrest was so silent.  \
	\'93What do you think made god bring all of us together like this?\'94 he asked.\
	\'93What do you mean?\'94 Erica asked, writing her name in a patch of snow with her finger.  Karen watched her silently, nervously tapping her fingers against her knees.  Matt hurled his two fists full of rubber balls at the ground, echoing endlessly as they bounced slowly to a stop.  Erin stood quiet and proud at the center, soaking up the warmth of their laughter.\
	\'93I don\'92t know.\'94  Matt said.  \'93How are we supposed to answer that?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not looking for an answer, per se.\'94 Ryan said.  \'93I was just thinking about it.\'94\
	\'93I think it was to help each other.\'94 Erica said.\
	\'93As Iron sharpens Iron, so one man sharpens another.\'94 Karen said.\
	\'93That\'92s the theme for the mission trip next week, isn\'92t it?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93I\'92m so excited to finally go on one, after all I\'92ve heard you guys say about them.\'94\
	\'93Yeah, they\'92re alot of fun.\'94 Ryan said.  \'93I mean, its like a vacation first of all, which is pretty sweet, but the whole trip is so spiritual - you get to know everyone so well.\'94\
	Erica nodded.  \'93There are going to be things that 
\i only
\i0  make sense during a mission trip.  And they\'92re the realest things.\'94\
	Even Matt agreed to that.  \'93It really is something.  There\'92s lots of stuff that gets in the way here, but on mission trips, we put all that aside.  Its about you and God, and us and God.\'94  Matt pointed at the group, and then at the sky.  \
	\'93We\'92re going to totally be in the ghetto though.\'94 Erica pointed out.  \'93Juarez is a mess.  I mean, they\'92ve got these nice houses, but only like a mile away there\'92s these cardboard shanty towns.  That\'92s where we\'92ll be working.  And you get to take your first bucket shower!\'94\
	Everyone laughed; but Erin had not yet ben introduced to the concept.\
	\'93You\'92ll see when we get there.\'94 Matt said.  \'93This was a good idea though.  I\'92m glad you arranged this little rooftop bonding session.  Get us all on the right page again.\'94\
	\'93No problem.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Just don\'92t tell Kevin.  We\'92ll be in trouble.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s what I\'92ve been 
\i saying
\i0 !\'94 Karen whined.\
	\'93Ok ok.\'94 Ryan agreed.  \'93We should probably get down.\'94\
	One by one the youth filed back down the ladder, and as Erin\'92s head sunk below roofline, she was staring at Kevin and Francis again, as the two struggled to replace the toys back on Kevin\'92s desk.  Erin\'92s palm sat empty, the ball she had caught rolled across the carpet as though she had never touched it.  \
	\'93Sorry about that.\'94  Kevin said, embarrassed, \'93When you work in youth ministries . . . things like these tend to pile up on your desk.\'94\
	\'93Yeah,\'94 Francis said, \'93I\'92d imagine.\'94  \
	\'93Well here we go.\'94 he said, handing Francis a clipart laden flyer, \'93So what\'92s your sister like?  She like to garden maybe?  Does she play any sports?\'94\
	Francis\'92 creative capacity was tapped.  \
	\'93Listen,\'94 he said, trying to speak a little softer as not to alert the woman at the front desk.  \'93I\'92m going to be honest with you.  I don\'92t have a sister.  And I\'92m not looking for a new church.\'94\
	\'93. . .Oh?\'94 Kevin asked, suspicious.\
	\'93I have . . . some questions I\'92d like to talk to you about.  About a girl named Erin McAfee.\'94\
	\'93Ok, please leave.\'94 Kevin said, standing.  \'93That\'92s enough, get out.\'94\
	Francis and Erin both gapped in surprise.  \
	\'93 . . . what?\'94 Francis asked, \'93Why?\'94\
	\'93You\'92re the one hear to question me, right?  Shouldn\'92t you know why I might be done talking to people about this?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know what you\'92re thinking . . . but I\'92m not here to 
\i blame
\i0  anyone . . .\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I\'92ve heard that one before.  You think I don\'92t know how you\'92ll twist the information?\'94  Kevin smiled as politely as he could, given the circumstances.  \'93Listen, I\'92m sorry its just . . . we can\'92t release information about it.  There\'92s alot families involved.  Alot of people that could get hurt.\'94\
	\'93I think you misunderstand me.\'94  Francis said, \'93I was  a close personal friend of Erin\'92s.  And I am . . . I\'92m just looking for clues as to what happened to her.\'94  Francis was getting chocked up a bit.  \'93Really, I . . . I just want to know why she did it.  What happened.  No one\'92s been able to provide the answers I need.  Please.\'94  He sighed.  \'93She told me . . . something about bouncy balls on the roof.  She said she was really sorry about that.\'94\
	 Kevin\'92s expression softened.  He glanced down the hallway, to see if anyone was within earshot, and then shut the door to the office.\
	\'93You and Erin were close I take it?\'94 he asked.  \'93She was so embarrassed about that.  We promised not to talk about it, I think we were the only ones who knew.  She must have trusted you if she told you about that.\'94\
	\'93What happened?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Well, she got a bunch of the youth to go up on the roof one night to talk about their problems.  They\'92d been some tension.  But she knew they weren\'92t supposed to go up on the roof, its a big liability.  When they came back down she lied to me and said they were in the old fellowship hall.  But the next morning I got a call from Pastor McGregor.  The maintenance people had found a whole bunch of footprints and rubber balls on the roof.\'94  he laughed.  \'93I got in alot of trouble for that.  I really called . . . Erin out on it.  She felt sorry for the whole rest of the trip.\'94  Kevin smiled, \'93but that\'92s not what you meant when you asked me 
\i what happened
\i0 , is it?\'94\
	Francis laughed.  \'93Well . . . I was curious about that too . . .\'94\
	\'93Well what do you want to know?\'94\
	\'93I want to know why she did it.\'94\
	\'93None of us know, she didn\'92t leave a note.\'94\
	\'93I know that but . . . surely there\'92s a real reason, something she never said but that was obvious.\'94  Francis trembled at the threshold of the idea.  \'93She didn\'92t leave us reasons in a note, but she left us reasons in her actions, inthe things she said to us.  In the interactions she had.  Maybe none of us know, exclusively, but if we put it all together, I think they\'92ll be meaning.  There has to be meaning.\'94\
	\'93I know how you feel.\'94 Kevin said.  \'93Have you talked to alot of people?\'94\
	\'93Too many.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I\'92ve heard to much.  More than I\'92ve ever wanted to know about this girl\'92s life.  But I still - I still want to know.\'94  he swallowed hard.  \'93I don\'92t know if you\'92ve ever lost anyone close to you, Kevin . . . but if you have, then you know - all you want are reasons.  Now, God rarely gives us reasons when he takes someone away.  But in a situation like this, I know there has to be.  There\'92s at least more to this than what I\'92ve uncovered.  And I have to know.\'94\
	Kevin nodded earnestly.  \'93I don\'92t blame you.\'94 he said.  \'93Alright, then I\'92ll tell you what I know.  But only what I know.  And you have to promise, this information doesn\'92t leave this room.\'94\
	\'93Agreed.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Absolutely.\'94\
	Kevin began.  \'93Erin was blamed for the death of someone at our church.  Ann, the pastor\'92s wife.  No one really know what happened, they were alone that night.  Erin was very open with us on our mission trip last fall.  She told me and the youth group alot of things in confidence.  This is normal, but the things she told us were . . . beyond what the kids were used to hearing.  Alot of assumptions were made, and before the end of the trip, public opinion was against her, so to speak.\'94\
	\'93What did she tell you?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93I can\'92t tell you.  It was in a confessional setting, where she felt safe it wouldn\'92t make it out.  The same situation as what we\'92re having right now.\'94\
	\'93I understand.\'94 Francis said, though he did not.  \'93I just had to ask.\'94\
	\'93I understand as well.\'94 Kevin continued.  \'93Well, Ann died after we returned from the mission trip.  The night we got back, actually.  And people said the saw Erin with her.  The scene certainly looked like murder, but . . .\'94  Kevin stopped.  \'93I\'92m sorry, that\'92s all I can say about the matter and still remain an unbiased party.\'94\
	\'93But you\'92re not an unbiased party.\'94 Francis objected.  \'93You 
\i knew
\i0  Erin, she looked up to you.\'94\
	\'93I also knew Ann.\'94  Kevin interjected.  \'93I knew the both very well.  I can\'92t believe one and not the other.  They were two . . . they were so honest.  So loving.  And now both of them are gone and I\'92m being asked to pick sides.  Do you understand how that feels?\'94\
	\'93They want you to pick sides?\'94\
	\'93Nothing\'92s been right here, since the events.\'94  Kevin said.  \'93Have you noticed?  Probably not, if you\'92re not familiar with the place.\'94 Kevin\'92s eyes narrowed into the same roguishness Francis had noticed the night he had been in the church meeting.  \'93They\'92ve put alot of effort into keeping it low key.  But things are changing and happening here, and its frightening.\'94\
	\'93How so?\'94 Francis asked, intrigued.\
	Francis sat back in his chair.  \'93Faith is a strange thing.  It makes people do strange things.  I\'92m a man of faith myself; I\'92m not questioning that.  But there is a point when people no longer have beliefs, but beliefs have people.  Things get . . . contorted, flipped around.\'94\
	\'93This is happening here?  Since Erin . . . ?\'94\
	\'93It was happening before Erin, she just gave it a reason to grow.  Its nothing new, its fear manifesting in religion.  Its as old as sin.\'94\
	\'93And it was . . . Erin, that gave them fear?\'94\
	\'93It was the world that gave them fear.  Erin was just its messenger.\'94\
	Francis nodded.  The idea was not new to him either.\
	\'93Would you say . . . that it was the same fear that consumed Erin?  That made her decide to end her life?\'94\
	\'93It\'92s possible.\'94  Kevin said.  \'93But like I said, none of us know.  Unfortunately, that\'92s all about all the information I have.  I\'92m sorry I couldn\'92t help you more.\'94\
	\'93No, you\'92ve helped plenty.\'94  Francis said.  \'93Out of everyone I\'92ve talked to, you\'92ve been the most open.\'94\
	\'93I think . . . that she would have wanted you to know, she never did anything destructive to the youth group on purpose.\'94\
	\'93Oh, you don\'92t have to tell me that.\'94  Kevin said.  \'93I\'92m well aware of her intentions.  She was good-willed to the core.  She followed her heart.  And despite what others might tell you, it never lead her in the wrong direction.\'94\
	\'93Thanks.\'94  Francis said.  \'93That means alot to me.\'94\
	Erin held her note up into Fancis\'92 line of vision, and pointed to a sentence.\
	\'93Oh yeah,\'94 Francis said, \'93Would you happen to know where Ann is buried?  I\'92d like to visit the grave.\'94\
	\'93Yes, its on the outskirts of the church grounds actually - if you leave through the north door, they\'92ll be a dirt path up to it.\'94\
	\'93Oh, you guys have your own graveyard?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93Not quite - its just Ann . . . \'94 Kevin said.  \'93Its a long story.  But you\'92ll find her there.\'94\
	\'93Thanks.\'94  Francis said.  \'93You cared alot about Erin too, didn\'92t you?\'94\
	\'93I did.\'94 Kevin confirmed.  \'93She was so bright.  Such a necessary addition to the group.\'94\
	\'93Do you want me to come back and tell you if I figure anything out?\'94\
	Kevin debated the thought.  \'93If you can.  If its easy.  Honestly . . . I\'92m not sure how much longer I\'92m going to be here.  The youth group is getting smaller every month.\'94\
	\'93Is that . . . because of the fear you were speaking of?\'94\
	Kevin smiled.  \'93Yes, that\'92s a good way of putting it.\'94\
	\
	Francis and Erin gave a warm thank you to Kevin as they left - Erin\'92s earnest and sincere gratitude remain unheard however, as Kevin returned arranging the papers on his desk. \
	\'93That was pretty good.\'94 Erin said.  \'93This is really starting to make sense now.\'94 \
	\'93I know.  Do you think your gloves are still on Ann\'92s grave?\'94 Francis said.\
	\'93They don\'92t typically remove gifts from graves, do they?  I guess we\'92ll see.\'94\
	The pathway Kevin had spoke of was easy to spot - it was well worn with deep boot tread, from what appeared to be a myriad visits up and down.  the climb was steep, but there were plenty of trees to hold onto to steady oneself.\
	After about half a mile of hiking Francis could see the end of what had become a sharp incline of a trail - and in a halo of trees, the waning afternoon sun painted a single, grey headstone in bright yellows and reds, filtered through the dying leaves.  Francis and Erin approached the grave solemnly - deep in the stone was etched 
\i ANN MCGREGOR
\i0 , below which was a quote from the Bible:\
\
	
\i I tell you the truth, if you have faith as small as a mustard seed, you can say to this mountain, 'Move from here to there' and it will move. \
\
	
\i0 All around the grave was the litterings of lost love - wilted flowers, small trinkets,  all on top of about hundred letters that had been matted together in the rain like paper mache.  They sat inches thick, their words bled together and illegible.  Francis knelt and attempted to sift through them, but they had formed a hard, shell like casing.  As delicately as was possible, he made a long, vertical crack at its center, and pushed his hands through the mushy layers inside - slowly, he pulled his hands back out, retrieving from it\'92s cocoon like depths a pair of worn, beaten gloves.    Francis held the gloves outward to Erin, and slowly she slid her hands inside to them.  A dramatic chill ran through her entire body, that forced her muscles to clench fists inside the gloves.\
\
	Erin opened her hands and looked at her palms, the gloves suddenly new and clean.  \
	\'93You bought these for me, Pastor McGregor?\'94 Erin asked.  \
	\'93Well, to be more precise, I bought them for anyone who needed them.\'94 Pastor McGregor said, smiling warmly. \'93Today, that just happens to be you.\'94\
	Pastor McGregor was not a particularly tall man; he was slender and old.  But his smile emitted a subtle glow that filled the room like a mountain sunrise - the kindly wrinkles in his face folded in upon themselves as he smiled.  \'93There\'92s usually someone who forgets that they\'92re going to need gloves on the mission trips.  So don\'92t worry about it.  So how about it Erin?  Are you excited to go do God\'92s work abroad?\'94\
	\'93Oh, absolutely.\'94 she answered.  \'93This is going to be my first mission trip.\'94\
	\'93Well, I hope it won\'92t be your last.\'94 he said, taking a seat in an office chair, in what Erin knew to be his office.  \'93I\'92m sure your friends have told you about the site you\'92ll be visiting?\'94\
	\'93Yes,\'94 Erin said, \'93They\'92ve said its a big mess down there.  I\'92m hoping we can help, so that everyone won\'92t have to live like that.\'94\
	\'93Yes, we can certainly hope.\'94\
	\'93How many homes like that are down there?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93How many years do you think we\'92d have to got there, to make the whole neighborhood better?\'94\
	\'93Ha, well that lends itself to a bigger question.\'94 he said.  \'93Let\'92s say you and the rest of the youth group, along with the fifty or so others the filter in and out of the same area each summer, were able to completely clean up Juarez.  There would still be at least a hundred other places in the same condition.\'94\
	\'93Well, I guess you\'92re right . . .\'94 Erin said, considering the other places she had heard of that were submerged in poverty.\
	\'93And think of the places we can\'92t send you - remember, we wanted to go to the Ukraine this year, but its too politically unstable.  Think of all the nations of Africa and the middle east that could desperately use our assistance but cannot stop fighting long enough to allow it.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s depressing . . .\'94 Erin said.\
	\'93And think of the politics of Juarez - what\'92s to say they won\'92t simply pave over the neighborhood you\'92re building, as soon as leave, the way they did the neighborhood that used to be there?\'94\
	\'93Why are you telling me this?\'94 Erin asked, confused, \'93Do you not want me to go?\'94\
	\'93No, but I want you to go for the right reasons.\'94 Pastor McGregor said.  \'93We will never fix Juarez.  Not without a significant hand from God.  But we\'92re not going there to fix the people\'92s houses.  We\'92re going there to fix their hearts.\'94\
	\'93Their hearts?\'94 Erin asked.\
	\'93Do you know what weighs on people more than financial trouble?  A broken spirit.  People who have given up will always be poor, not because the government takes their money away, but because they\'92ve lost a part of themselves that is more crucial to their survival than money.  They\'92ve lost their hope.\
	The people in Juarez think that God has given up on them.  We\'92re going to show them that they are wrong.  As long as Christ is with us, Christ is with them.  And if they can see just one house standing in opposition to the depravity and sadness that rules that place, then more may follow.  Someone might finally find the strength to run and seek shelter from their oppressors.  Or better yet, someone may find the strength to stand up against them.  To change things in their community by taking a hold of they and their neighbor\'92s future.  And believe you me Erin, this will happen at the 
\i exact
\i0  moment that some other nation falls into ruins.  But that is the nature of our work.  The sowing never stops.  The reaping has yet to begin.  Go with that knowledge in your heart, and bring back Sunrise a glorious crop.\'94\
	\'93Absolutely.\'94 Erin said, tearing up just slightly, \'93Absolutely.\'94\
	\
	Erin was once again standing in the fading light, at Ann\'92s grave.  She began to cry.\
	\'93I\'92m so sorry Ann.\'94  she said, addressing the headstone directly, \'93I don\'92t even know what happened, I don\'92t even know if I\'92m responsible, but I\'92m so sorry that this has happened to such wonderful people.\'94  Erin pushed the gloves back in Francis\'92 direction.  \'93We\'92re taking this with us.\'94 she said.  \'93Whatever becomes of this, whatever the answers end up being, we\'92re going to make this right.\'94  Erin began to half walk, half jog back down the trail.\
	\'93Where are we going next?\'94 Francis called, attempting to keep up.\
	\'93Stella\'92s.\'94 she said.  \'93We\'92ve missed a 
\i huge
\i0  clue there.  And I want to go talk to him.\'94\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 19 - Two Swords\
\
	Francis and Erin stared through the glass of Stella\'92s from outside.\
	\'93That\'92s him?\'94  Francis asked, looking at the boy wiping down the counter at the coffee shop.\
	\'93Yes, I remember him 
\i exactly
\i0  from the memory; he was with all of us on a the roof.\'94\
	Inside the boy began flipping off lights.\
	\'93Are they closing early tonight?\'94  Francis asked.\
	\'93It doesn\'92t say anything on the door.\'94 Erin remarked.\
	The boy emerged from the back room holding a giant bag of trash.  \
	\'93I just want to point out,\'94 Erin said, \'93That him and Mr. McGregor are the last ones on the list.  And I really doubt someone in a position of authority like a Pastor is going to be open about a church member\'92s suicide.  Especially one that might have killed his wife.  We really have to get something out of Ryan.\'94\
	\'93Gotcha.\'94  Francis said.  \'93What do you want me to ask?  The usuals?\'94\
	\'93I guess.\'94 Erin said.  \'93What we\'92re looking for, I\'92m not even sure I can put it into words anymore.\'94\
	Undoing his apron, he pulled on a long, tan peacoat as he rushed to the door where Francis stood outside.\
	\'93Sorry, we\'92re closing early.\'94  the boy said to Francis.  \
	\'93That\'92s ok - but can I talk to you real quick?\'94 Francis asked.\
	The boy looked confused, but paused momentarily to listen as he buttoned his jacket.  One by one he pushed them through the loops, flat black glassy buttons, except for the third from the bottom, which was gold and ornate, and so large that it had to be forced through the eyelet.\
	\'93You\'92re . . . Ryan, right?\'94\
	\'93Yes I am.\'94 the boy said matter-of-factly.  His eyes were large and earnest, his short sandy blonde hair danced in the cold.\
	\'93Then you did know a girl named Erin McAfee?\'94\
	The boy shook his head.  \'93I don\'92t know who you are.  You said you knew both of us.  I don\'92t trust you.\'94\
	\'93I what?\'94 Francis asked, confused.\
	\'93When you first came here.  You asked me if I knew a young couple named Erin and Ryan because you used to know them.  That\'92s where you messed up.\'94\
	\'93Oh!\'94 Francis said, \'93I\'92m sorry I lied, I just-\'94\
	\'93It\'92s been a year.  I don\'92t want to talk about her.\'94\
	The boy was sulking beneath his calm composure, but he held himself together quite well. \
	\'93I can understand Ryan.\'94 Francis insisted.\
	\'93You can understand what it feels like to lose the love of your life before you ever get the chance to feel it?\'94\
	Francis nodded solemnly.  \'93I think I do.\'94\
	\
	Inside Stella\'92s the three sat at a small table by the window.  With the lights off the bright grey clouds became more visible, reflecting the light of the city in its thick mesh.  A light snow was just beginning.  \
	\'93That\'92s funny, how similar our stories are.\'94 Ryan said, stirring a cup of frothed milk he had made with the leftover steam in the espresso maker.  \'93I guess you can empathize with how I felt then.  And why I don\'92t like to talk about it.\'94\
	\'93Absolutely.\'94 Francis said.  \'93But, feeling the same way, do you understand why I need to know?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.\'94  Ryan said.  \'93But I don\'92t know how much I can tell you.\'94\
	Francis sighed.  \'93You don\'92t know how tired I am of hearing that.  Please,\'94 he begged, \'93I know you don\'92t want to hurt Erin.  Or have us jump to conclusions or anything like that.  But everyone is so worried about what they\'92re going to make Erin out to be, that they\'92d rather just allow her to be a mystery.  You loved her, didn\'92t you?\'94\
	\'93Yes,\'94 Ryan insisted, \'93I told you that I did.\'94\
	\'93Then tell me about her.  It doesn\'92t have to be anything in particular.  I\'92m desperate at this point.  Just tell me anything.\'94\
	Ryan sighed and smiled, attempting to humor Francis.\
	\'93This was our table.\'94 he said. \'93When I was working she would come sit here and talk to me.\'94\
	\'93While you were working?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.  At first I thought she was kind of annoying.  She moved here in the the beginning of the year before last, and started coming to my church.  We sort of became friends, and when she realized I worked here, she would come here to chat.  I could tell she was lonely.  But I also liked her - she grew on me.  She had just the most unique view of things.  She was the only person I could talk to about things.  Important things.  Like about our faith.  And the more we tallked, the more I understood her.\'94\
	\'93Really?\'94  Francis leaned in.  \'93Was - would you say that Erin was a good person?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s an easy question.\'94 Ryan said, his eyes tracing a visible path back to a warm memory.  \'93Erin was . . . just so different, its hard to even describe it.  Kindness to her was almost as reflex.  It didn\'92t matter what anyone did, she was always there to help.  We had this girl Karen in our youth group, no one really liked.  Not that we didn\'92t like her, she just - she took things so seriously.  It was like having an adult with us.  She never wanted to bond with us or have a get to know us any more than she did, she just sat from afar and passed judgement on us.  But by October of the year she moved here, she had painted Erin a painting!  She had never even told us that she painted.  Only Erin could coax things like that out of people.  She baked me a dozen cup cakes on my birthday and hand painted each one with frosting.  It was ridiculous, over the top love for people that made her so unbelievable.  Really, I couldn\'92t believe her most days.  She had this assured smile like she was perfectly fine just as she was, like she didn\'92t need anyone to make her feel validated, but still she reached out to us.\'94  Ryan took a foamy swig of steamed milk, and closed his eyes in the saturated satisfaction of remember Erin.  \'93Erin was in her own class, all the way.  Even when I was shaking with doubt she was like the wall I leaned on.  She didn\'92t understand at the time, I mean, how could she?  We were so young.  Emotions like that aren\'92t supposed to be developed yet.  The deep down emotions that float a faith in love above the most tumultuous of waters.  She 
\i got 
\i0 stuff.  She 
\i understood
\i0  stuff.  I don\'92t know if you know, but there\'92s a difference.\'94\
	\'93Oh?\'94 Francis asked.  \'93Please, tell me.\'94\
\'93Well,\'94 Ryan said, \'93You can know things without understanding them.  And you can understand things without knowing them.  Most people, they\'92re content with just knowing things.  \'91I know we\'92re fighting in Middle East.\'92, or \'91I know there are people dying in Darfur.\'92  But people who can talk like that don\'92t 
\i understand
\i0  what they\'92re saying, they just know.  Now, knowing is great, it necessary for alot of thing.  But there are things we can\'92t know, that we just have to be content understanding.  Like, I don\'92t know what makes someone cut themself.  But I can understand it.  And in doing so I can help someone overcome an addiction most people don\'92t understand.  Or Faith, \'94 Ryan said, \'93Because faith is the perfect example.  People are always saying that they know God.  No one 
\i knows
\i0  God, that\'92s ludicrous.  Any idea of creation is so outside our mind, we don\'92t know.  I don\'92t know why or how or if it took seven days to create the universe, I don\'92t 
\i know 
\i0 why God created us, I don\'92t know why there is genocide in Darfur.  But I can hope to understand it.  We don\'92t know anything, we really don\'92t.  But we can understand.  And Erin understood - I\'92ll tell you, you could place her in the most uncomfortable situation possible and she would find a way to make sense out of it.  We were in Mexico, for a mission trip - she didn\'92t even 
\i speak
\i0  Spanish, and she was communicating with these people better than us or even the guides were.  She told me \'91You just have to listen, and you\'92ll get it.\'92  Can you believe that?  It sounds like something out of some cheesy movie but it was happening right before my eyes.  Erin just opens her heart and there is a two way flow.  You, her.  It is impossible to be missed by her sunshine.\'94\
	\'93Wow.\'94  Francis said.  \'93This is how you feel about Erin?\'94\
	\'93It\'92s how everyone feels about Erin.\'94  Ryan said.  \'93In the last moments they may have gotten confused, and let their assumptions, their fear tell them that she was a bad person.\'94\
	\'93Kevin kind of alluded to that.\'94 Francis said.  \
	\'93You talked to Kevin?\'94  Ryan asked.  \'93That\'92s good.  Kevin is a good person.  He understood what was happening, but couldn\'92t make any opinions since he was in a position of authority.  He wanted us to figure it out for ourselves, and we didn\'92t.  Well, I did.\'94  Ryan looked deeply at Francis.  \'93I understood.  It took me too long, but I understood in the end.  But that was after . . . she had gone.  I never had the chance to tell her, first that I forgive her, for anything she might have done.  And second, that I loved her.  I really did.  But the times didn\'92t allow me to say it, straight out like that.  I can only hope she knew it.\'94\
	Erin stared across the table at the unfamiliar face so quick to raise praise and speak of love for her.  He looked so strong and honest.  More then ever Erin wished that she could remember, and feel the things she felt when she was alive, so that she could give the boy an answer that he had no doubt been waiting very long to receive.  She reached out and touched his out of place, golden button, and began to feel the warmest feeling she had experienced yet.\
\
\
	Erin was sitting in the exact same place, but Francis was gone.  Ryan sat across from her, his eyes glowing a quiet burn in the humming coffee shop.  He cradled in his arms a tan jacket, and held to his eyes a golden, newly sewed button in the middle of the coat.  It was beveled with two swords crossing each other.\
	\'93I just found it at a thrift store.\'94 Erin explained.  \'93I was really thankful you leant it to me.  That was such a wonderful night.  After that you should know, there\'92s no more missing pieces.  I\'92ll be filling in the gaps from here.  \'91As iron sharpens iron\'92, right?  I thought of that when I saw the swords.  We\'92re just like that.  The sharpest iron there is.  The best defense.  Pointed different ways, because we\'92ve got each other\'92s backs.\'94\
	\'93. . . Thank you.\'94  Ryan said.  The magnitude of what he held in his hands shook him, and he was at a loss for words.  \'93Thank you.\'94 he said again.\
	\'93Well, its not perfect.  Its a little too big for the hole.  You\'92re gonna have to 
\i squeeze
\i0  it through.\'94\
	\'93No, it 
\i is
\i0  perfect.\'94 he said.  \'93This is amazing.  Thank you so much.\'94\
	\'93Jeez, act like no one\'92s ever done anything nice for you . . . \'94 Erin said, turning a bit red.  The two shared a quiet smile of understanding.  \
	\'93You know Erin,\'94 Ryan said, \'93I just don\'92t get you.  That used to bother me, but now I\'92m thinking its just right.  I really thought I had a good thing going before you showed up, but now I\'92m realizing - I wasn\'92t even experiencing half of what I could.  If that.  Meeting you has been life changing.\'94\
	Erin blushed quite heavily. \'93So we gonna keep doing this?  Next Thursday as well?\'94\
	\'93Yes, definitely.\'94  Ryan said excitedly.  \'93Just not next week, obviously.  We\'92ll be on the mission trip.\'94\
	\'93Ohh man!\'94 Erin said.  \'93Wow, I\'92ve been thinking about it all month but I didn\'92t even put that together.  Yes, the week after then.  I guess we probably won\'92t get much . . . one on one time durring the mission trip?\'94	\
	\'93Umm . . . I don\'92t know.\'94  Ryan said.  He was feeling out the sensitive nature of their newly evolving relationship.  \'93Yes and no, I guess.  We just, we have to-\'94\
	\'93I know, I know.\'94  Erin said, raising her hands apologetically, \'93Nothing like that.  I know, emotions aside, we\'92re there for God.  Absolutely.\'94\
	\'93I think we\'92re on the same page though.\'94  Ryan said, the butterfiles wrestling in his stomach well hidden behind his cool exterior.  \'93Next next week then.\'94\
	\'93Agreed.\'94 Erin said, smiling, at Ryan so big that they both errupted in loud, awkward, but greatly appreciated laughter.\
	\
	The smile still warmed Erin\'92s face as she saw the smile fade from Ryan\'92s face and a year\'92s worth of mourning pour down his face.  Francis was sitting beside her again.\
	\'93The night she died, we had plans to meet here.\'94  Ryan said.  \'93She never showed up.  After sitting here all night I just got depressed and went home.  It wasn\'92t until the next day that I found out what happened.  I hated myself so much for just sitting there when she was literally dying less than I mile away.  I always thought I would feel it, that I would know if something like that happenend, but I didn\'92t.  I couldn\'92t.  I was too caught up in myself, in my own emotions to realize that she had been dying all along.  It was too late from the day I met her.  I know that now.  Something that beautiful can\'92t last in a world like this.\'94  Ryan shook his head.  \'93I was going to tell her that night that I was sorry.  We had a falling out over the mission trip over just, 
\i stupid,
\i0  petty things.  But they seemed so big at the time.  They weren\'92t worth her life.  \
	Most of all I was going to ask if she could forgive me.  When she needed me most, that week on the mission trip, I wasn\'92t there for her.  I came to meet her anyway, the way we\'92d agreed before the trip, before any of the ugliness.  I wasn\'92t sure if she would show up.  That night I was going to grab her hand and tell her that I loved her.  I was going to tell her that I was going to watch out for her no matter what happened.  If I knew she needed me like that, I would have been there.  I would have done anything to save her.\'94\
	\'93She knows how you felt.\'94  Francis said.  \'93Listen, none of us know what Erin was thinking in her final moments.  But what you\'92re thinking, what you\'92re feeling, it\'92s understood.  You have faith in God, don\'92t you?\'94\
	\'93Of course.\'94  Ryan said.  \'93Well,\'94 he sighed, \'93I don\'92t claim to know what happens after death.  I used to, I don\'92t do that anymore.  But I have to think that somewhere out there, Erin\'92s story isn\'92t finished yet.  Did she ever tell you about her book theory?\'94\
	Francis smiled.  \'93Yeah, in passing.  About how religion tries to give you the last chapter before you ever read the first chapter?\'94\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Ryan said, nodding.  \'93Wow, you really did know her.  Well, its understandable for us to want to believe that Erin is out there relishing in the epilogue.  That\'92s what my church always taught me, that it was either black or white, heaven or hell.  But for some reason after Erin died I felt, like deep down, that she was still swimming through pages, and that her ending had not yet resolved.  Is that strange?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t think that\'92s far from the truth.\'94  Francis said, smiling.  \'93I mean, I don\'92t think that\'92s a strange feeling at all.  And if Erin is still finding that ending, then you have to know that your  role in it didn\'92t end the night she died.  Wherever she is, whatever she\'92s experiencing, she\'92s aware of how you feel, of what you\'92re telling me tonight.  It wouldn\'92t be right to end her story without her knowing that.\'94\
	\'93You really think so?\'94  Ryan asked.  \'93Do you really believe that?  You\'92re a man of faith - does God make exceptions like that?\'94\
	\'93I think God is capable of more than what we give him credit for.\'94  Francis said.  \'93And I\'92ll be honest with you.  The more I learn about Erin, the less I feel answers are necessary.\'94\
	Francis looked to Erin.  \'93I think,\'94 he said carefully, \'93I think I have all the answers I need.\'94\
	Erin nodded.\
	\'93Ryan, you should know.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Wherever Erin is, she forgives you.  And the things you\'92ve told me tonight, wherever she is, she wants desperately to share them back with you.\'94\
	\'93Thank you.\'94  Ryan said.  \'93I think . . . I believe that too.\'94\
	\'93You should.\'94 Francis said.  \'93You knew Erin.\'94\
	\'93I did.  And I do.\'94 Ryan said.\
	\'93That\'92s the meaning of forgiveness, you know.\'94 Francis said.  \'93The reason Christ can forgive us for what we do.  You know anyone well enough, its just impossible not to forgive them.\'94\
	\'93That\'92s wonderful, Francis.\'94  Ryan said.  \'93Your students are so lucky to have you.\'94\
	Francis shook his head.  \'93Well, let\'92s not get carried away.\'94 he said.  \'93If I . . . find anything concrete out, do you want me to find you?\'94\
	\'93No.\'94 Ryan said.  \'93I knew Erin.  That\'92s what it comes down to.  I\'92ll never know why she made that decision.  I don\'92t think anyone can know.  But I understand.\'94\
	Erin and Francis nodded.  A serene air filled the coffee shop.  The three stood and split into two groups as they left, heading in opposite directions.  \
	\'93Take care of yourself.\'94  Ryan called to Francis.  \
	\'93You too.\'94 Francis called back.\
	\'93You too.\'94 Erin echoed.  She wanted to touch his hand, when they were sitting.  The way he had said he wanted to do for her.  But even if there were able to touch, like her and Francis, the timing would not have been right.\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 20 - Let It Be?\
\
	Erin and Francis stood in the cold night air.\
	Erin folded the list and stuck it into her sweater pocket.\
	\'93I feel like we\'92ve reached the end.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Not just the list, I feel like we\'92ve gotten the best answers we\'92re going to get.  I mean, we\'92ve all but finished the list.\'94\
	\'93I feel the same way.\'94  Francis said.  \'93I think we\'92ve got a few options here.  We can keep pressing people for answers.  And we might get a few more.  Or, we can let it be.  Honestly Erin, think of what we\'92ve discovered.  Listen to what Ryan said about you.  Do you really need to remember when You\'92ve heard that about yourself?\'94\
	\'93I know what you\'92re saying.\'94 Erin said.  \'93And that\'92s what I want now.  I want to let it be.\'94\
	The two stood awkwardly on the sidewalk, listening to the quiet clicking of a do not walk hand that pulsed brilliantly in the dark, wet streets.	\
	\'93Well, we don\'92t have to decide that just yet.\'94 Erin said.  \'93We have one final person I want to make amends with.\'94\
	Francis recalled the gloves in his pockets, and removed them once again.  \'93You want to . . .\'94\
	\'93Yep - he should be rehearsing his sermon in the old sanctuary right about now, correct?\'94\
	\'93If you\'92re up for this.\'94\
	\'93I am if you are.\'94 Erin explained.  \'93You\'92re the one that has to talk to him.  But you\'92ve done such a wonderful job - honestly Francis, I can\'92t thank you enough.\'94\
	\'93The pleasure\'92s been all mine.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I don\'92t want to get all mushy just yet though.  We\'92ve got to keep our game faces on.\'94\
\
	On the quiet drive to Sunrise the unpaved, gravel roads made soft swishing sounds beneath Francis\'92 aging tires.  The forrest was a calm, quiet place, and Francis and Erin both could feel a resolution approaching.  Still, Erin played nervously with the sash to her sweater, as she contemplated nervously what that would mean for her.  \
\
	Francis pulled into the same parking lot they had been at earlier that day.  The church grounds were still and quiet, even more so than they had been earlier.  Not a light shone out of the windows, save one - out of the giant rose glass of the old chapel the flickers of candles illuminated it dimly, twitching, like a sleeping cat\'92s eye.  \
	\
	Slowly, Francis and Erin climbed the stone steps to the great wooden double doors, as a commanding voice rose ascendant in the quiet air.  Francis could make out familiar verses.\
	\
	\'93
\i Rejoice, O ye nations, with his people: for he will avenge the blood of his servants, and will render vengeance to his adversaries, and will be merciful unto his land, and to his people!
\i0 \'94\
\
	Slowly, Francis pulled open the great door, watching the man inside pace back and forth on the creaking hardwood floors twice before then man noticed him.  The man was dressed in a full suit, and wore a tired brown fedora on his head.  The distance between them was not great - less than a dozen rows of pews separated the back of the church where Francis stood and the pulpit.  The vaulted ceilings were the same stone as the outside of the building, and around the chapel hung ancient purple crushed velvet flags with golden embroidered Biblical scenes on them.\
	\'93Hello there?\'94 Pastor McGregor called to Francis, who\'92s head only stuck in the warm building.  \'93Can I help you?\'94\
	\'93Are you Pastor McGregor?\'94 Francis asked nervously.  \
	\'93Indeed I am!\'94 the old man chuckled.  He stepped down off of the raised stage that comprised the front of the church and beckoned Francis to the front row of pews.\
	\'93I don\'92t mean to be a bother,\'94 Francis said, \'93But I would really like to talk to you.\'94\
	\'93Oh, you can\'92t bother a man my age.\'94 Pastor McGregor said.  \'93I\'92ve had so much in my life I\'92m immune to it now.\'94  The man, paused and then burst out laughing.  \'93You\'92ll have to excuse me, it seems my manners have gone as well.  Here we\'92ve just met and I\'92m making dumb jokes.  Your here very late, something quite serious must be troubling you.\'94\
	\'93Oh,\'94 Francis chucked, \'93Well I wouldn\'92t say I\'92m deeply troubled.  But I have something very serious I\'92d like to discuss with you.\'94\
	\'93You don\'92t say.\'94 Pastor McGregor said, sinking into pew.  \'93Please, join me.\'94\
	Francis sat beside the man, turning to face him on the couch.  \'93Well,\'94 he began, \'93I am a close friend of someone who once attended your church, someone . . . I\'92m not sure how well you knew her.\'94\
	\'93Go on,\'94 Pastor McGregor said,  \'93I remember 
\i everyone
\i0  who graces these doors.  Not a single person goes unnoticed here.\'94\
	\'93Her name was Erin McAfee.\'94 Francis started.  \'93She was in the youth program here.\'94\
	Pastor McGregor nodded solemnly.  \'93I know of Erin.\'94 he replied.\
	\'93Well,\'94 Francis pulled the gloves from his coat pockets, \'93I was a close friend of Erin.  She knew . . . before her death, she knew that she had caused your church alot of pain.\'94  he handed McGregor the gloves.  \'93The sowing never stops.  The reaping has yet to begin.  And believe me sir, Erin is sorry.  I hope that you can take that as penance.\'94\
	Pastor McGregor handed the gloves back to Francis.  \'93I do not expect Erin to be sorry.\'94 he said plainly.  \'93I don\'92t expect Erin to feel anything.\'94\
	Francis was turned off by this needlessly graphic depiction.  \'93What do you mean, sir?\'94\
	\'93Erin never felt anything to begin with.  So her feeling anything now would be quite an aberration, wouldn\'92t you say?\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t follow.\'94 Francis said. \
	\'93It\'92s simple,\'94 Pastor McGregor explained.  \'93Demons do not have feelings.  Those are lost when a spirit forsakes Christ.  Instead, beings like Erin are capable only of chaos.  Not the way a Christian desires peace - the way a tick feeds off of blood.  It is instinct, and nothing more.  To even say that Erin is even really gone would be a gross misappropriations of words.  Erin was never really here to begin with.\'94\
	Francis and Erin were both lost for words.  They stared simply back at the man who explained his feelings as though he was reading a shopping list.  \
	\'93Its better to think of it this way.  Have you ever tricked a kitten by putting your hand under a sheet?  You make a fist, and it pounces at it - you lay your palm flat, and suddenly, that \'91being\'92 it was chasing is gone!  But it was never really there to begin with.  Erin never walked the earth.  She was the manifestation of evil, a boil that rippled above our surfaced in the shape of a young girl.\'94\
	\'93Are you trying to imply,\'94 Francis asked, \'93That you don\'92t believe Erin was human?\'94\
	\'93She was about as human as lucifer.  As Legion, as the Morning Star.  She transcended our world for a short time, and left just as quickly.  Her suicide was not an end to her life - it was simply a doorway, through which she stepped, invisible to us once again.\'94\
	Francis looked at Erin, who failed to make a depression in the soft pew seats.\
	\'93She is not a soul, is what I\'92m saying.  She was never bound for Heaven or Hell.  Instead she waits for another chance, for another grip-hold in the world of the living, through which she can do her work through us again.  Don\'92t be fooled, she still lingers in this place.  She is gone for now, but she could return as soon as she finds a way in.\'94  Pastor McGregor smiled at Francis.  \'93You\'92re a man of faith yourself, am I right?  I have a sense for these things.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m . . . I\'92m a youth pastor.\'94\
	\'93Aha!  It never fails me.\'94 Pastor McGregor caroled.  \'93So you know what I\'92m talking about, correct?  \'91And no wonder, for Satan himself masquerades as an angel of light. It is not surprising, then, if his servants masquerade as servants of righteousness.\'94  Pastor McGregor nodded solemnly at the wooden cross that hung from the ceiling above the church floor.  \'93Their end will be what their actions deserve.\'94\
	\'93You . . . I\'92m sorry, I\'92m just trying to understand what you\'92re telling me - you don\'92t believe Erin to simply be, a misunderstood girl, who perhaps had some personal troubles -\'94\
	\'93Misunderstood?\'94  Pastor McGregor laughed.  \'93I believe her messages were quite sufficiently received.\'94  The pastor stood, his anger growing apparent.  \'93Listen Francis, I am not a man quick to anger.  The wars of angels and demons, all of that - it was something that was always far removed from my church.  We were a family community church, we had potlucks and played music together, we worshiped the life we were given.  Until Erin.  The evil Erin ushered into our world, it was not the work of a misunderstood girl.  It was the work of Satan himself.\'94\
	\'93I\'92m . . . I\'92m just having alot of trouble believing this.\'94 Francis stammered.\
	\'93What would prove it to you, Thomas?\'94 Pastor McGregor asked, \'93Would you like to see the bruised strangle marks around my wife\'92s throat?  Would you like to have been there when I identified the body, to find the purple-black impressions of tiny hands around her neck?  Would you have to hold the corpse of the small boy she impaled in her home town?  Or would you rather seen her own pierced flesh, cut and bled by her own hands, in satanic symbols all around her young, porcelain skin?  The skin the boys so longed to stroke?!\'94\
	Francis looked hopelessly at Erin, who was practically vibrating with rattling nerves.  \
	\'93I suggest you consult your heart before you make assumptions about the girl.\'94  Pastor McGregor.  \'93As a man of Christ, you know God first.  
\i That
\i0  is your map.  Think back about this girl.  Focus.  It will not take long to realize.\'94\
	Francis stood and took flight from the chapel.  Pastor McGregor shook his head solemnly at the man who tore at the seams like a rag doll.\
	Doubled over by his car Francis attempted to catch his breath.  Erin sprinted to him, but as she approached he held out his hand for her to stop.\
	\'93Francis - are you throwing up?\'94\
	\'93Just . . . stay back for a second.\'94  Francis righted himself.  \'93I . . .\'94\
	\'93What\'92s are you doing Francis?\'94 Erin asked, a deep fear welling in her heart.\
	\'93I don\'92t . . . \'94  Francisf wrestled internally, like clowns doing cartwheels with knives in their hands.  \'93Your skin.\'94 he called to her.  \'93Let me see your skin.\'94\
	\'93Why?\'94 Erin asked.  \'93Why does that matter now?  Francis, we\'92re in this toge-\'94\
	\'93People don\'92t do this.\'94  Francis said.  \'93They don\'92t stay.  They go to Heaven or Hell.  That\'92s what I believe.  Why would I just ignore that?\'94\
	\'93Francis, how could you - you 
\i believe
\i0  him?\'94\
	\'93I DON\'92T KNOW!\'94 Francis yelled.  \'93WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO THINK.  I want to believe you Erin, I do.  But he\'92s right.  He\'92s right about so much but - this has to be wrong.  Please, just show me your skin.\'94\
	\'93NO!\'94 Erin cried.  \'93YOU KNOW ME FRANCIS.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know ANYTHING!\'94 he screamed back.  \'93Wasn\'92t that our deal?  What we agreed to?  We don\'92t know ANYTHING.  And I don\'92t know you.  Of all things, what we don\'92t know is you.  Why won\'92t you show me your skin?\'94\
	\'93Because I\'92m scared, Francis.\'94 Erin said, beginning to sob.  \'93I\'92m afraid of what I don\'92t know about myself.\'94\
	\'93You\'92re trying to trick me, aren\'92t you?\'94 Francis asked.  Suddenly, he began to look through Erin, and address something inside her.  \'93This is what you do, isn\'92t it.  And this is why you\'92ve appeared as young girl, isn\'92t it?  A girl the age of my lost love, who died tragically?  You\'92re trying to make me emotional aren\'92t you?  You\'92re playing on my weaknesses!  This is what you do!\'94\
	\'93I\'92m not doing anything Francis!\'94 Erin pleaded.  \'93Please, don\'92t do this to me!\'94\
	\'93I almost forsook my faith.\'94  Francis said to himself in disbelief.  \'93I almost allowed myself to believe something completely false because I was weak and emotional.  Chubs was no angel.  That was not Heaven.  And you are not human.\'94\
	Francis shook his head and began to walk away.  \
	\'93HE\'92S THE ONE THAT\'92S NOT HUMAN!\'94 Erin shouted as Francis started his car.  \'93Please, don\'92t leave me here Francis.  Oh god Francis, I\'92m so scared, please don\'92t leave me here!\'94\
	Francis rolled up his windows and began to crest slowly down the steep driveway, his tail lights slowly disappearing into the distance.  Erin fell to her knees, and began to cry.  The tears had little effect on the already soaked ground, and her hands sank deeply into the gritty mud.  The sash to her sweater crisscrossed across the dirt where she sat, hunched over on her palms, painting an infinity loop in a shallow ripple on the dirt\'92s surface, which was almost immediately washed away with the wind.\
	\'93God damn you.\'94 she preached bitterly into the bitter wind.  \'93God damn you Francis.  God damn you Pastor McGregor and Sunrise.  God damn every single person I have ever met.  God damn the earth and heaven and hell and this grey puddle in between.\'94  Her fist hit bitterly and ineffectively against the malleable soil.  \'93I won\'92t let this
\i  be!
\i0 \'94  Erin called out loud.  \'93Chubs!  Chubs you son of a bitch, I want the rest of my note.  I want to know what happened!  I WANT MY MEMORIES BACK!\'94\
	The soil beneath Erin began to soften and melt - as Erin removed her hand from the goopy mess, she found a piece of white, linen paper stuck to her palm.  Slowly, like ink bleeding from an invisible pen, her name appeared on it, in bold, block letter capitals.  Erin attempted to claw it off of her hand, only to find and entire wad of paper wrapping around the other arm.  Quickly the paper emerged from the ground, from the trees - it pressed Erin downwards into the soil - at first into what felt to be a forced, clogged, dirty grave - and then into a dark, lightless free fall.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 21 - Mind-Body Dichotomy\
\
	Face first on the purple and black linoleum, Erin\'92s tears were clean again, not mixed with the wet slushy dirt from the ground outside the church.  Her hands were dry, her clothes unsoiled.  She raised her head - to her left, Francis sat, confused, gripping an invisible steering wheel in front of him.  Still in a haze, he looked around with a look of frustration as he recognized the place he had arrived in.  Chubs stood before her.  	\
	\'93I\'92ve officially had enough of you, Erin.\'94  he said.  \'93This awkward sense of self pity.  You want me to feel bad for you?\'94\
	\'93What are you talking about?\'94 Erin cried.  \'93Why can\'92t you just tell me?  So I\'92m not tortured by this lack of understanding any longer!\'94\
	\'93Are you serious?\'94  Chubs asked in anger.  \'93Erin, you 
\i begged
\i0  me to let you forget?\'94\
	\'93What?\'94 Erin asked in disbelief.\
	\'93But of course you don\'92t remember.  Some of my best work Erin, and you\'92re acting like I\'92ve cursed you.\'94  Chubs shook his head in frustration.  \'93Ok, you want the story?  I\'92ll tell you what happened.  When you arrived here,  your eyes were bloodshot, from a lack of sleep and tears, your mascara bleeding down your face, and oceans of blood still flowing from your wrists.  Youa asked me to make it stop so I did.  I wrapped you up like you are now, in your favorite sweater and boots.  But you still weren\'92t satisfied.  You handed my your note.  \'91I don\'92t want them to know\'92, you said.  \'91I don\'92t want to be judged any longer.\'92  You said you were done apologizing to deaf ears.  And that you were done being judged by everyone except yourself.  \'91Let me forget.\'92, you said!  I don\'92t care where you send me, heaven, hell, the depths of outer space, I just don\'92t want to remember anything when I get there.  Nothing can be worse than this pain, of knowing everything you\'92ve done.\'94  Chubs clenched his fist.  \'93So I took that pain away, Erin!  I fixed it for you.  But still you show up here, asking for the one thing you begged me to take away from you!  Well I\'92m done making concessions for you Erin!\'94  Chubs reached into his pocket and produced four more pages of loose leaf paper, with more scribbled paragraphs and tear stains.  \'93I tried to make it easy for you.  I figured you might be back.  I left out the parts I knew you wouldn\'92t like, I thought maybe you\'92d talk to your old friends and you\'92d be happy.  I thought I could make you content.  But you\'92re making that impossible.  So throw it away Erin!  Shed that ignorance you cried out to me for!  Take back your memories!\'94  Chubs threw the pages - they cut the air like darts, spiraling and driving forcefully like a line drive into Erin\'92s chest.  She caught the pages with both hands and was propelled backwards by the force, the magnitude of which was so great that she was thrown clear off the edge of the cloud on which she stood.  She watched as the purple and black linoleum, Francis, and Chubs disappeared cut sharply out of her vision, replaced by the white wispy bottoms of clouds, and as she strained her neck to look forward, a rapidly approaching city.  Erin fell like a meteor back down to earth.\
\
	[Erin remembers her life.  She recalls being young and meeting a young boy named John, who is called \'91Chubs\'92 for short.  Together they venture to some concrete tunnels with their red wagon, where Erin is able to remove a lock that leads them inside.  While riding too fast downhill in their wagon in the dark tunnels, John is impaled suddenly on unseen construction equipment.  Erin\'92s inability to articulate what happened (partially because of shock, partially from being so young) leads John\'92s excitable (and \'91fear\'92ful) mother to blame Erin and persecute the family emotionally and financially.  Erin is labeled a witch and a murderer in her old town, which imprints itself upon her at a very young age.  She begins to question whether she is an evil person, and as adolescence begins to cut herself to deal with the pain.  The cuts start in inconspicuous places, but as the self injury continues they begin to blanket her body, as Pastor McGregor described.  However, though they overlap in many places and at times take on patterns coincidentally, they are not in demonic patterns as Pastor McGregor insists.  When Erin is fifteen her father is able to get a job in a new city, where Erin begins to attend Sunrise.  Finally greeted with the chance to start over, Erin seeks redemption (from a crime that is hardly her fault) through the church, and becomes involved in its student ministries.  Here Erin meets Karen, Kevin, Pastor McGregor, Matt, and Ryan - in the spring she begins to connect with them, and in Fall when the youth go on a mission trip, Erin agrees to go as well.  In the months prior to the trip Erin\'92s relationships develop dramatically - Karen\'92s kindness towards Erin wanes and she becomes friends with Erica, whom Karen views as a slut and bad influence.  This makes Karen suspicious of them both.  Karen\'92s hand is injured in an accident involving Erin on a weekend service project at a very strange thrift shop that offers them half crates of ice cream, which cripples her ability to paint, which she partially blames on Erin.  She takes away the painting she painted for her as a sort of pennance.  Ryan begins to connect deeper with Erin and begins to fall in love with her, but Erin is easily distracted by the more charismatic and charming Matt, who loves all women in a sort of abstract way, but does begin to develop slight feelings of affection for her by the end of the final mission trip.  Ryan fears this and views Matt as a brutish, testosterone driven loose canon, and his respect for Erin comes into question as he watches them interact, not knowing that Erin is only interested in Matt as a friend, and that Matt harbors no secret plan to break her heart.  The split between the Karen-Ryan perspective and the Erica-Matt perspective begins to create a rift during the mission trip, with Erin\'92s affiliation at the center of the controversy.  Finally, while taking bucket showers in Mexico, Erin reluctantly removes her clothes to reveal complex layers of scars from self injury.  It becomes a point of hot debate, and is addressed by Erin over a camp fire when the group, Kevin included, discuss their shortcomings.  Erin had hoped that with the increased intimacy of the group and her rapidly building relationships with them that she would be forgiven and accepted, but the graphic stories Erin harbors are more extreme than what anyone has been used to hearing.   This is not helped by the fact that Erin\'92s age and continual self-doubt from the way she was treated as a child are skewed in favor of her antagonizers.  Erin admits that she is a true, awful sinner, and that she is seeking redemption, but the group stutters in what should have been a warm reception.  Ryan, to this point, had had the misguided impression that Erin was perfect, and with this news her holy image shattered in his mind and he withdrawals from her when she needs him most.  Erica is turned off by Erin\'92s  self injury; as someone who loves and appreciates her body, Erica misinterprets this as a strange fetish and is creeped out by Erin henceforth.  Karen\'92s suspicions are confirmed, and in turn she finally finds reason to snub Erin once and for all.  Matt is the only person who remains loyal to Erin (further subjecting Ryan to strange, conflicting emotions), though this is underscored by his belief that all people are basically worthless and evil, and that sin is inevitable, so why try.  Kevin feels it is his duty to report something so serious in nature to Pastor McGregor, who in turn spreads the information to Ann - both Pastor McGregor and Ann hold a fear that their church might be under siege by \'93evil forces\'94 since its recent gain in wealth and attendance, and being old and of a backwater upbringing, these demons begin to manifest themselves quite literally into their minds.  Both Ann and McGregor believe in Exorcism, possession, and demons in human form.  Their churches original plans include many archaic rooms, now boarded off and locked, from a bygone era that believed demons must be dealt with in the physical realm.  Back at the mission trip, Erin is quietly exiled by her peers.  For the first time in a year, Erin feels the pressures of isolation and questions whether she is deserving of friendship and kindness at all.  Upon returning, Matt and Erin hang around where the church bus drops them off for a long time, on a Thursday afternoon.  This is where the memory with Ann occurs.  As Ann begins to walk Erin and Matt down the old stone steps, the both begin to feel a chill that indicates that the room they are entering is large and unheated.  What they find at the bottom is a large, dirty, spring-fed baptismal pool.  Ann asks if Erin has ever been baptised.  When she admits that she has not, Ann begins to kindly baptise Erin.  She explains that they need to go far out in the water (which requires some swimming)  This is at frist well recieved, as Erin still feels she is in need of redemption, and Matt takes pictures.  Ann quite calmly explains that water represents the Father, and that demons can be pushed out with it.   Erin begins to struggle and Ann literally pushes Erin down and attempts to draw the demon out of her by half drowning her.  Matt cannot hear what they are discussing from where he stands, but begins to get a bad feeling about things as Erin\'92s gasps for air become shorts and punctuated with what sounds like screams.  Beneath Erin\'92s struggling feet she can feel the giant rock moving and ancient dirt  kicking around.  Ann begins to quote Bible verses - Matt, fearful of what is happening, begins to wade out to get Erin, but is unable to swim, so he leaves to go get help.  While Matt is gone, the large stone they had been standing on begins to shift in the deep water and sink.  It catches on Ann\'92s scarf and begins to pull her into the water.  She struggles and calls to Erin for help, but fearing it to be a trap, Erin uses the opportunity to swim away.  As the scarf twists around Ann\'92s neck, the bruising forms that Pastor McGregor mistakes for the grip marks of Erin\'92s hands.  Matt returns after reluctantly alerting Pastor McGregor, but to see Ann floating face down in the water.  Matt runs away, with the false assumption that Erin has just killed Ann (albeit in self defense).  He is afraid of being called an accomplice and leaves the camera on the stone stairs as he runs away, apologizing.  Even he is wracked with fear of Erin\'92s potential at this point.  Erin runs away in fear as well, leaving Ann floating there.  Erin returns to her home and begins to cut herself.  It is the first time in nearly a year that she was relieved pain and fear this way.  But it is not as effective as it used to be - she is forced to cut deeper and deeper in order to make the pain go away.  She realizes what is happening, and as she begins to loose blood, she writes the suicide note.  She finishes it with only a small amount of energy left, and as she closes her eyes she finds herself standing with Chubs and Francis again.]\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Chapter 22 - It Doesn\'92t Happen All at Once\
	\
	The soft lines in John\'92s eyes were red lined.  Wrinkles cracked his eyes from years and years of wincing.\
	\'93John.\'94  Erin said.  \'93I\'92m so sorry. Do you -\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I watched it as it happened.\'94 John, or Chubs, said. \'93But don\'92t worry about it.  I don\'92t blame you for anything.  I hope you really understand that now, that it was an accident.  I hope you understand now, I hope you got your answers.  I\'92m sorry about this Erin, the forgetting and then the giving back.\'94\
	\'93No, thank you.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I don\'92t blame myself for wanting to forget.  That might have been what I needed at the time.  But to really know, to really understand, this is what I need all along.\'94  her sniffled the last of her tears, at last feeling a spot of dry skin where there had been only salty streaks.  \'93There was alot of things there quite understandable of running away from.  I would have never wanted to know those things about myself if I had been given a choice, looking back.  But they\'92re just as much a part of me as the good things that I want to hold on to.  Either way, I\'92m not complete without either.\'94  Erin rolled up her sleeve, to see the massive scar from her final act.  But instead, she saw only soft, porcelain skin.  She looked at John in surprise.\
	\'93You\'92ll remember.\'94 John said.  \'93There\'92s no need to have the evidence etched into you any longer.  You deserve forgiveness, Erin.\'94\
	\'93Thank you.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Thank you so much.\'94\
	\'93And you\'92re not the only one who won\'92t forget.\'94  John said, turning to Francis.  His face was pale and he looked apologetically at Erin.\
	\'93Francis?  Did - did you see too?\'94\
	Francis nodded.  \'93I - I almost left you because of what Pastor McGregor said.  I can\'92t believe how . . . how quickly my beliefs changed.  I - I can\'92t believe myself.\'94\
	\'93Then we\'92re making progress.\'94 John said.  \'93This has been important for you, Francis.  Please don\'92t forget about Erin, or the things you\'92ve learned while with her.\'94\
	\'93Oh - oh god.  Is she . . . staying here?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93No, you two aren\'92t done yet.\'94  John said.  \'93I think there\'92s one more task for you on earth for you two.  Would you believe its already Sunday evening?\'94\
	\'93Oh my gosh!\'94 Erin exclaimed.  \'93We\'92ve been here a whole day?\'94\
	\'93That\'92s a pretty good deal, in exchange for 16 years of memories.\'94 John pointed out.  \'93Now you two get out of here.  You\'92ve got an appointment in the old fellowship hall.\'94\
	Before they could pose any question, the floor was succumbing to its cumulonimbus state - but this time, every square of tile began to fall.  As John walked away he disappeared into a wisp of white cloud, while his entire linoleum castle began to fall slowly apart.  Francis and Erin found themselves engulfed in white pages again, and as they pushed their way out they found themselves standing in front of the glowing church, its windows lit, and  cars in its parking lot.  \
	\'93This is still not alot of cars.\'94  Erin said.  \'93The place still feels sort of empty.\'94  She turned to Francis.  \'93Well?\'94 she said.  \'93Are you sorry?\'94\
	\'93Very.\'94 Francis said.  \'93I still don\'92t know what\'92s going on.  I told you I was here for you, but then I turned when I thought my faith was in question.\'94\
	\'93Your faith wasn\'92t in question, your religion was.  You wanted to believe me, didn\'92t you say that?  That was your faith talking.  What stopped you were arbitrary beliefs.\'94\
	\'93The fear.\'94  Francis said.  \'93Well I\'92m done with that now.  From now on, I trust myself.  And I trust you.\'94\
	Erin leaned her shoulder on Francis\'92 arm as they walked towards the building.\
	\'93I thought I lost you, I really did.  And I thought I lost my only chance of understanding, or connecting with people.\'94  she punched Francis hard in the arm.  \'93Don\'92t ever do that again!\'94\
	\'93Alright!\'94 Francis chuckled, rubbing the surprising sore part of his arm.  \'93Its ok, I think I get it now.  I really think I\'92m starting to understand things now.  Not know them, understand them.\'94\
	Erin nodded as Francis pushed open the large double doors that lead to the main room of the church.  The place was quiet and still on the inside too - only a few distant rooms were lit, and their activity seemed quiet at best.  \
	Francis and Erin cut to the right, to the room where she and Matt had had their final encounter.  They could see the light was on.  Francis looked in as five confused faces looked back - in a small circle of brown metal folding chairs breaking the monochrome rows in the center of the room, sat Kevin, Erica, Matt, Ryan, and Karen.\
	\'93Francis . . .\'94 they said.\
	\'93What are you doing here?\'94 Matt asked.\
	\'93Well, I . . . I felt like I should come.\'94 he explained.\
	Kevin laughed.  \'93Well God certainly works in mysterious ways.\'94 he said.  \'93We\'92ve been hearing that all night.  Matt, Karen, we haven\'92t seen since last year.  Ryan, he comes about once a month.  But we all picked the same night to wind up here.\'94  he smiled.  \'93And I think you might have something to do with this.\'94\
	Francis smiled.  \'93Did I?\'94\
	\'93We were just talking about Erin.\'94 Ryan said.  \'93Its the first time really - that we\'92ve talked about her since she left us.  You got us all thinking about her.  And now you\'92ve got us all talking about her.\'94\
	Francis pulled up a chair.  \'93You mind if I join then?\'94\
	\'93Absolutely.\'94  Erica said.  \'93We\'92ve just all been sharing stories.  Kevin was telling us about the first time he met her.\'94\
	Kevin nodded.  \'93I was just telling them about the first time she walked into the church.  She looked so scared!  We were all so loud and rambunctious.  There had been a lock in the night before and there were finger blasters all over the floor that I hadn\'92t found cleaning up.  So they were sailing around, and one of them hit her on the side of the head.  She gave me this look like she had done something wrong, so I patted my chest and told her to pick it up and get me.  That was the first time I think she smiled here.\'94\
	\'93She was so subdued when she first got here.\'94 Erica said.  \'93We changed that pretty quickly.\'94\
	Even Karen laughed at this.  \'93She was always wild.  Not wild, just free.  She never worried whether she was going to look stupid or not, only whether she would hurt someone in the process.  She never did anything if she thought it was going to hurt someone.\'94\
	\'93Like the marbles on the roof.\'94 Ryan said smiling coyly.  This errupted the group into heartfelt laughter.  There eyes were sore and watering.  \
	\'93
\i Where
\i0  she got the idea for that, I will never know.\'94 Kevin said.  \'93Ah, and I called her out on it so bad, didn\'92t I?  She was just trying to get you guys together.  To stop arguing all the time!\'94 He said this punching Matt lightly in the shoulder.\
	\'93Whoa now, me?  Fighting?\'94 he cajoled good-naturedly.  \'93Yeah, she really knew how to cut the crap and get to what mattered.  She knew Mexico was going to suck if we couldn\'92t stop being so petty.  And she got us to give it up, for a while at least.\'94\
	Everyone nodded solemnly.\
	\'93It was us, in the end.\'94 Erica said.  \'93We were the ones that-\'94\
	\'93That\'92s not true.\'94  Francis said.  \'93None of you, no one should blame themselves for this.\'94  Francis sat up in his chair.\
	\'93Alot of you asked me to return and tell you what I found as I started looking for clues.  Well, all the searching I\'92ve done has lead me to this conclusion - that whatever answer we find, whatever single reason we reach for, is never going to be the truth.  No simple answer is ever going to sum up Erin sufficiently, that we could carry with us.  Erin was deeply trouble, that is no understatement.  But she is abundant, without question, with life and love, with hope and happiness, just willing to share with each person she meets.  What happened in between, were so many goods and bads, such a dramatic grey scale, we can\'92t possibly be expected to pinpoint a single moment and say \'91that\'92s where things went wrong\'92.  And focusing on that now won\'92t change what happened.  I think what Erin deserves is for us to stop discussing the details of her death, and instead focus on the details of her life.  Every little things she did for us, the rubber balls on the roof, to the cupcakes on your birthday, to her propensity for using elaborate metaphors to make you feel stupid.  Everything she did was laced with a special kind of love that only she could could provide, something unique to each person.  The sunshine we felt from her is special, and it should never be forgotten.\'94\
	\'93God,\'94 Erin said sniffling, \'93Oh god I miss her so much.\'94\
	It was an unstoppable urge - soon everyone was chocking back tears.  \
	\'93We all do.\'94 Karen said.  \
	Kevin stood, followed by the entire group, holding hands as if in Benediction.  As they pulled in for one giant group hug, Francis grabbed Erin by the elbow and pulled her into the center of the circle as it closed in as one giant hug around her.\
	\'93I\'92m sorry Erin.\'94  Francis said.\
	\'93I\'92m sorry Erin.\'94  the group echoed, one by one, \'93I\'92m sorry Erin.\'94  There they stood for several minutes, clasped in a heap, until at last the muscles relaxed slowly in each members arms.  \
	\'93Well, I think that does it.\'94  Kevin said.  \'93I\'92ve spoken my peace.\'94\
	Everyone nodded in agreement.  Kevin turned to Francis.\
	\'93We\'92re all leaving.  Right now, forever.  We were talking about this before you came but - after everything that happened with Erin, we no longer what to be a part of this church.  Have you noticed?  The empty halls?  The barren offices?  Over half the congregation left after Erin and Ann\'92s death.  Not just because of that though - after the events, the true side of this place began to show.  McGregor preached an entire sermon on possession.  People began to question this underground baptismal pool - if there were any other rooms hidden away, perhaps for even stranger purposes . . . McGregor has been sick ever since.  People are wondering if maybe there\'92s madness hidden under there, waiting to really poke its way out.  The people who are still here, supporting him . . . \'94\
	\'93The fear?\'94  Francis asked.\
	\'93Exactly.\'94  Kevin said.  \'93Some of us, I guess we\'92ve been caught up in it too.  We stayed way too long.  But after talking to you Francis, we\'92ve all come to are senses.  Not just with the church but - at last, I think we\'92re at peace with this.  I think each of us was harboring some piece of blame, but now its really gone.\'94  Kevin looked at the kids, who nodded back in full support.  \'93Francis, this might strange but - we were all just talking and wondering - are  . . . are you an angel?\'94\
	Francis laughed.  \'93No, no I\'92m not angel.\'94\
	\'93Well, you\'92re wrong.\'94  Kevin said.  \'93Because what you\'92ve done for us - it is without a doubt the Hand of God.  You\'92ve reaffirmed my belief in all that\'92s good, despite all the bad.  God is using you Francis, I hope you recognize that.\'94\
	\'93I do.\'94  Francis said.  \'93I absolutely do.  I\'92ll be praying for you all.\'94\
	\'93Same here.\'94 the group answered in unison.  They pulled in for one final group hug, and without another word marched silently through double doors and out into the dark night.\
\
	\'93I wonder where my car went.\'94 Francis said as he and Erin shuffled down the the old dirt path, away from the church.  They were already halfway out of the woods, but Francis\'92 legs were getting tired; and his Cavalier, no matter how dingy, seemed like quite the alternative now.  \
	\'93So you just popped up there while you were driving?\'94 Erin said.  \'93That\'92s so funny.  I wonder if that was John\'92s doing.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t know.\'94 Francis said.  \'93He was certainly looking out for you, but its seems as though I was of little consequence to him.\'94\
	\'93I don\'92t think that\'92s true.\'94  Erin said.  \'93I mean, have you thought about it, like 
\i really
\i0  thought about everything?  Like, why you?  You know what I\'92m saying?\'94\
	\'93Totally.\'94 Francis said.  \'93And like I said, I still don\'92t know.\'94\
	\'93Do you think it was God?\'94\
	\'93Huh?\'94\
	\'93Do you still believe this was all God\'92s doing?  Was he the one behind all this?\'94\
	\'93I have to think so.\'94  Francis said.  \'93But I don\'92t know.  And I barely understand.\'94\
	\'93Same here.\'94 Erin said, sighing.  \'93You know, I kind of wish God would have shown up, in some pillar of fire or something.  I\'92d really like to ask him what\'92s going on.  And what happens next.\'94\
	\'93I think we has there.\'94  Francis said.  \'93John said we had one more mission, right?  I think we just completed it.  We\'92ve made peace with everyone who wants it.  I think we\'92ve done everything we can.\'94\
	\'93Yeah.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Hey Francis.  Have you ever read The Velveteen Rabbit?\'94\
	\'93Hmm, maybe a long time ago.  Why?\'94\
	\'93Well in the story, there\'92s this toy rabbit that wants to be real.  And the Skin Horse, his only friend in the nursery, explains it to him this way.  He says, 
\i Real isn't how you are made, it's a thing that happens to you.  
\i0 It\'92s like a process.  He says that by the time toys are real, they\'92ve been loved and used \'91til they\'92re threadbare, with the their fur rubbed off and their little glass eyes falling out.  
\i But these things don't matter at all, because once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand.
\i0 \'94\
	Francis nodded.  \'93So what are you saying?\'94\
	\'93Just, thank you.\'94 Erin replied.  \'93Thank you for understanding.\'94\
	Erin clung tightly to Francis\'92 arm, in defense of the cold wind.  \'93I\'92m getting tired.\'94 she said.\
\
	Francis at last turned the key in his door.  The old radiator by the window had come on earlier in the night and had filled the room with a loving cloud of steam-generated heat; welcoming its companions.  \
	\'93Eughhh\'94 Erin said, collapsing happily onto her sofa bed.  \'93Man, I am so beat.\'94\
	Francis laughed.  \'93Well this is a first.  I don\'92t remember you feeling tired before.\'94  Francis was sobered the thought.  \'93Well uh, do you want some tea?\'94 he asked.\
	\'93Tea sounds lovely.\'94 Erin said from beneath a pillow.\
	Francis began boiling some water.  \'93So hey, I\'92ve been thinking - Remember when John threw those pages at you?  Those were the missing pages to your note right?  Do you still have them?\'94\
	\'93Oh!  I bet you\'92re right!\'94  Erin shuffled through her pockets, finding the note - it was heftier now, and as she paged through them, she spotted several new pages reinserted, and their off-color numbering gone.  \'93Yeah.\'94 she said, \'93This is everything.\'94  connecting finally, she read the end of the first page again:\
\
	\'93
\i This is what I do know:  every single person on this earth, everyone I\'92ve met, is
\i0 \'94\
\
and flipped the page to its back, which was no longer blank. \
	\
	\'93
\i capable of both love and hate.  Good and evil, creation and destruction.  But every person is also deserving of forgiveness.  I want everyone to know that I forgive them.  This might sound like a strange thing to say now, but I mean it.  I hope that in time you can come to forgive me. If not, I understand why.  I can already hear the pounding in my head of when I\'92m accused of murder, called a demon again.  I don\'92t want to face this all over again.  I don\'92t want to wait another decade for forgiveness from strangers again. If you\'92d walked with me this whole way, you might have seen this.  But there are a few special people I would like to address this to - people that have made my short time on earth worthwhile.\
\
Dear Ryan,\
\
	You\'92ve always been there when I needed you.  I hope you don\'92t think of these events now, as you sit at a table, waiting for me to show up.  Things would not have happened differently if you were here with me now.  If you\'92d known me my whole life, \'94 \
\

\i0 	Erin turned the page,
\i \
\
\'93you\'92ve have been able to see this, really.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93Wow.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I wrote to him first.  And I don\'92t sound as angry or sad as the rest of the note.\'94\
	\'93You sound almost, peaceful.\'94 Francis said.\
	\'93Page five and six are to my parents.  I tell them to pack up my room if it makes it easier for them.  I talk about John and call him Chubs - obviously he didn\'92t want me to read that.  The middle two pages are about Ann.  It explains exactly what happens!\'94  Erin shook her head.  \'93We could have used that a few days ago.\'94\
	\'93I don \'91t know - I think John was trying to protect you.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Isn\'92t that what he said, that he wanted to see you content?  I think keeping you ignorant was the only think he could do to achieve that.\'94\
	\'93I guess you\'92re right.\'94 Erin said.  \'93But I still don\'92t like it.\'94  Erin flipped to the last page, to find a new one appended onto the end.  \'93Oh look at this,\'94 she said, \'93I guess I didn\'92t think about this but - the letter doesn\'92t end with my letter to Pastor McGregor.\'94  Erin read the new page carefully:\
\
	\'93
\i Dear John (Chubs),\
\
		It was an accident.  I know that now.  And though I want to share these feelings with you more than anyone, I know you are the least likely to receive it.  \
		Because of you, I have no right to even contemplate the unfairness of dying young. What little you had was taken away so early, and whether it was my fault or not, I played a part.  But in a large sense, we all played a part.  Every person is connected to a thousand, a hundred thousand others, so tightly woven in a frightening tapestry that any act, no matter how small or how selfish, is the result of a culmination of a billion other decisions, reasons and consequences.  So maybe what happened was not an accident, John.  Maybe everything that happened, no matter how tragic, needed to - maybe its random, maybe its predetermined, I don\'92t know.  But all this is so much bigger than us.  Nothing is more complex, more tragic, and more beautiful than a single human life.  Ours may be over, but that doesn\'92t change a thing.
\i0 \'94\
\
	\'93Wow.\'94 Francis said.  \'93That\'92s so . . . poetic.\'94\
	\'93I think I was writing this part as I was losing consciousness.\'94 she said.  \'93I think for a moment alot to things were making sense.\'94\
	Francis\'92 teapot began to whistle.  He returned to the kitchen and prepared the teapot, returned to the living room with two cups and sat down on the side of Erin\'92s bed. He set Erin\'92s cup on the coffee table, and she picked it up, though Francis could not see.\
	\'93I think I was right, you know.\'94 Erin said.  \'93Even after living my whole life over again, its still to magnificent for me to even grasp.\'94\
	\'93So you don\'92t regret dying young?\'94 Francis asked.\
	\'93No . . .\'94 Erin said, yawning.  \'93I think I died when I was supposed to.  And that\'92s more meaningful, I think, than living a long time.  You know what I was saying about the last chapter?\'94\
	\'93Yeah, I remember.\'94 said Francis.\
	\'93Well my last chapter, on earth at least - its all said and done, its over.  But this, all of this - this is a whole new story.  And no one can ruin the last chapter on this one.\'94 Erin said.  \'93I\'92m so happy, I can\'92t explain it.  A whole new set of chapters to explore.  What more could I ask for.\'94\
	Erin was struggling to keep her eyes open.  \'93I think I\'92ll be going to be now, if you don\'92t mind.\'94\
	\'93Are - are you sure?\'94 Francis asked nervously.  \'93I can make another pot of tea.  I could tell you more about Claire.\'94  \
	Erin smiled, stretching lackadaisically across the bed.  \'93I think its time move on, Francis.\'94 she said.  \'93I think this is an important point for both of us.  We can choose to hold on to the things we\'92ve carried this far - Claire, my note;\'94 Erin pulled the crumpled fold of papers from her pocket and placed it lightly on the coffee table.  \'93Or we can let go, and open our arms to collect some new things.\'94  Erin pulled the covers up to her shoulders.  \'93Come on now.  Let\'92s find some new things to hold on to.\'94\
	Francis nodded.  \'93Ok.\'94  he said.  \'93Sounds like a plan.\'94  Francis walked around, slowly clicking off lamps.  He stood and waited in the doorway to his room.\
	\'93Goodnight Erin.\'94 he said.\
	\'93Goodnight Francis.\'94 a voice returned.\
\
	When Francis awoke in the morning, he immediately left his room and entered the living room - the sofa bed lay empty in the soft morning light, its blankets curled in her shape still.  \
	\'93Erin?\'94 he called, but he know the effort to be futile.  On the coffee table sat two empty cups, and Erin\'92s crumpled note.  \
	Delicately, Francis folded the sheets of the bed - and laying them flat turned the bed back into a sofa.  He stood in the space it had left, contemplated the deep impressions the fold out legs had made in the carpet.  The light filtered in sharply into the kitchen through the open windows as Francis cleaned the cups and the tea pot - the sun had finally emerged from the think fuss of dark grey clouds.  The smell of scented dish soap rose in the air as Francis scrubbed away.  He paused when he came to Erin\'92s cup - sitting in the bottom of the cup, floating in the last drops of camomile, was an eyelash.\
	Francis delicately fetched it out, and positioned it on the end of his finger.  Closing his eyes he made a wish and blew, and when he opened his eyes again, the eyelash was gone.  That\'92s good luck.  It means your wish will come true.  \
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 THE END\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Epilogue\
\
\
	It was Wednesday night when Francis returned.  The students sat in small circles in the fellowship hall when Francis pushed dramatically through the double doors.  They craned their necks in surprise as Francis picked his coat up off of the chair on which he had left it.  \
	\'93Where have you been?\'94 Toby asked, while the rest of the youth sat in silence.  \'93Everyone thought you quit.  No one\'92s seen you in like a week!\'94\
	\'93No, I\'92m still here.  I was on mission.  I\'92m sorry I didn\'92t tell anyone.\'94  Francis smiled as he took to the stage on the fellowship hall, the one where he had sang and played guitar so many years ago, where he had played with Claire; but Francis thought only now of the students before him.  \
	\'93I\'92ve got a new activity for us tonight.\'94  Francis said.  \'93We\'92re going to be writing letters.\'94\
	\'93To who?\'94 Megan asked.\
	\'93To everyone that\'92s important to us.\'94 he replied.  \'93I want you to write everything you\'92d want someone to know if you knew you were going to die tomorrow.\'94\
	\'93You mean like a 
\i suicide note?
\i0 \'94 Toby asked skeptically.\
	\'93You could look at it that way.\'94 Francis said.  \'93Or you can look at it this way:  All of us have things we\'92re holding back, that someone in our lives are desperate to hear.  People who commit suicide have this simple luck of being able to premeditate their deaths, and therefore have to ability to atone, thank, apologize.  Now, none of us are going to be that lucky.  No man knows the day or hour.  So this is our opportunity!  We have a chance today like no other!  We can say our final thoughts, the things we want our loved ones to know, today!  And we can live to see how they react.  We might be able to grasp forgiveness and love that we thought was worth giving up, we might see the end of suffering, simply because we were willing to speak our hearts, to a world that tells us that must be kept hidden.\'94\
	The youth looked at Francis in a sort of surprised awe - many of them had not been alive long enough to be able to place this charisma back to the days of his worship band days.  Days before death haunted him metaphorically, and then quite literally.\
	\'93Now, not everything in these notes is going to be pretty.  Just honest.  It doesn\'92t matter if the things you say make you say or confess make you feel like a bad person.  There isn\'92t such a thing.  Do you get that now?  Because I finally do.  There are just people.  And any person is going to do a million good things and a million bad things, we can\'92t be so simple in our deductions.  And understanding that starts with us.\'94\
	\'93Well . . .\'94 Toby said.  \'93Where\'92s the paper?\'94\
	\
	From that day forth, writing notes became a tradition for the Stone River youth.  And though parents may have questioned it at one point or another, they could not question the heartfelt letters they began to receive from their children.  It is often that bad leads good, and visa versa - and indeed, a great number of acts done in questionable mind sets began to work good.\
	Erin\'92s parents for example; they never got the chance to talk with Francis.  But they did find the closure they needed when one evening the returned home from work to find a pair of work gloves on their porch.  Af first it the significance failed to hit them - but then, there was the note stuffed inside the right glove - where had it come from?  Where had it been all this time?  They weeped with joy over every blessed paragraph, that is, all but one.  A very long description about the woman called Ann and the night or Erin\'92s death.  \
	It was the following Sunday when the police showed up at Sunrise UMC.  Pastor McGregor turned pale a the photo copied pages he read.  People began to wonder where he had disappeared to after her sermon, and what a few more nosy church members would later say could be heard through his office door would drive the last of them away.  The police left shaking their heads, citing that he refused to listen to reason.  Pastor McGregor emerged and announced that the police were against them, and therefore against god.  About a hundred people stood around in awe, marveled the power of Pastor McGregor.  The rest left.  Not of the Sunday, but for good.  The parking lot was full of panicked church goers, attempting to leave without incident as a hundred or so stalwart believers attempted to block cars and force the people to stay.  Pastor McGregor ran to the steps and began to shout bitterly at the non believers - \
	\'93God will come for you!\'94 he shouted.  \'93God knows our church is righteous!  We will prove victorious in the end!\'94\
	\'93Get in the car, Rebekkah honey.\'94 a woman called to her daughter.  Rebekkah pulled open the door to her mom\'92s car and began to get inside.\
	\'93No Rebekkah!  Stay!  Listen to his words!\'94 A man shouted to her.  \
	\'93Stop Walt!\'94 the woman yelled back.  \'93Just stop.\'94\
	Rebekkah and Pastor McGregor locked eyes across the parking lot, for a brief, fleeting moment.  Rebekkah was young, but deep inside she could feel the aching cold of a thousand years of repression - and in the moment, she could understand the man that stood frighteningly upon the old church steps.  Her mom slammed her car door shut.  \
\
	Erin\'92s grave sat deep within a very typical cemetery, not on a hilltop like Ann\'92s.  It was a plain, grey headstone, with only Erin\'92s name and her year of birth and death printed on it.  For a year it had laid all but barren, with scarcely a single visitor.  But this week, this changed.  one bouquet of flowers, then two appeared.  The cold dead earth below for once felt the slightest glow.  A warmth unaccustomed to forgotten bodies, a warmth provided by living bodies - it beams and swells though you can\'92t see it.  It communicates back and forth and for a moment the flowers in fancy glass vases are alive again, they are feeding off of it and back into.  \
	Roots are invisible sometimes.  The myriad blood-pulsing ties that dance us like puppets, that fill us with motion and give muscles meaning.  Each tug and push is sent through each one of us, under invisible soil, into our arms and all through our bodies, it is how we live.  Each step we take spins the earth.  And Each silent cry into every dark sad night rattles and vibrates the string and we are the paper cups at each end.  Each death submerges the lines in the deepest ocean only to emerge again an infant, to pull and tug and to be pulled and tugged.  We are a world of marionettes.  And It may be that the tiniest action has as much then man that pulls at our twines with all his might.  A delicate bow or courtesy can snap the world one way with as much force as a thrown punch, can pull up a man that has been knocked flat, can raise the dead.  The strings aren\'92t really invisible, are they?  If you look you can see them shine like spider\'92s web in the right light; they are strong and cannot be severed with the deft blow of a hand; for even after death, the bonds remain strong.  The graveyard billows out twine like a miniature electrical power plant, like the narthex of the web, and though the pulls and strains have ended on this end they are still pulled, they are still strained, by the wills of the living, but the ideas of those still thinking, and they leave a dead reply, dead air, a vacant silence in the void of the cries of the mourning, the sighs of those trying to reach.  Do they hear?  Someone does.  For the strings keep pulling and weaving and connecting and building.  \
	But Erin - now her connections remain grounded.  To the boy that thought of her endlessly but found now way to justify the fragile humanity that pulled her out of his dreams, and into flesh and bone - He remembers her now, wiping the counters of a familiar place - to the girl that bonded true that flesh and bone truth, that loved Erin like a sister, that was scared by the facts of mortality and age.  She has found peace now as she vacates the place that once meant comfort, but now means nothing but pain.  She will move on and discover new places that will ring more true and and she will be happy there.  There is the boy with the too loud soul, that proclaims the truth few are willing to hear.  His hatred now subdued, he looks at the one human who was the key to rest - the girl that bloomed like a flower before him and taught him that not all is lost in this sad place, that there will be future battles worth fighting for, future battles that will be one.  The youth pastor that once watched over her, conflicted with his own role in the tragedy as she burned like kerosene inside his church for all to see.  As he packs up his things he observes the scorch marks - the floor marred by a soul too bright for this earth.  Extinguished at the height of her life, he no longer questions his devotion to the love that made him a pastor, not the chains that keep him in a place he knows is so evil.  Not by design, by force.  Alone no longer is the young girl so quiet and misunderstood by the others - the delicate artist slowly revealing truths on a canvas for no one in particular.  Her hand sits like a bird with clipped wings, but she will find other ways to fly.  There are other mediums, a billion for every heart, and she waits patiently for one to take roost.  She is not mad any longer.\
	There is a bitter man who will never forgive - his heart has hardened past all reasonable measure now - it is questionable whether he will ever feel sunlight again.  He tugs angrily at the strings, and perhaps one day he will have the attention he craves.  But for now he cries alone, in a stone prison, praying to deaf ears.\
	Erin\'92s grave swells with love.  It will is a hearth now.  But not all objects need remain in plain sight for it to have effect.  \
	Erin\'92s mother destroys the chest.  She does not look inside.  She watches as the garbage men load it and watch it as it crunches and breaks - and as it she and her husband feel the poignant release of everything they could not help.  They do not blame themselves either.  Instead, they pay subtle respect to the things they have kept.  They are not the things from her room or from her chest, they are the things inside, that can never be taken away.  Not everything need be kept.  For that reason, Erin\'92s mother takes the gloves, along with the last of Erin\'92s possessions, and donates them to Goodwill.  She thinks about the mysterious gloves that appeared so suddenly sitting on a shelf in Goodwill, waiting for new hands.  This circle, this reuse - this makes her feel happy.  She smiles.  The sowing never ends.  The reaping has yet to begin.}