{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=1766, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww15520\viewh17320\viewkind1\viewscale120
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 	I was hired on March 17th, 2009.  It was a good thing; I was down to about fifty dollars and it was becoming questionable whether I would make it through the month if something didn\'92t come through.  What was especially embarrassing about this situation was that I had lived in this city before, with more money - had gone to college here actually.  After graduation I had taken a \'93slight detour\'94 to my parent\'92s residence in Utah, a Christmas break that ended up lasting three months.  If you\'92re going to school, they\'92re going to tell you that grades and awards like Par Excelance mean something - don\'92t believe them.  Defeated and unable to stand another week in Utah I packed my car and drove rather haphazardly, back across the mountains, to Denver, the vile city I had promised myself I would never return to.  I had had $500 dollars then.\
	At the time, all of America was going through a rather tumultuous financial crisis, something I knew very little about, yet was able to piece together from the circumstances.  I had expected a few rejection letters, of course, every great designer gets a few.  Hell, even the Beatles got shot down.  What I hadn\'92t expected though was the void of silence I received from every job inquiry - in my first month I had fired about a hundred applications into Portland, Oregon, and had heard not a single word from anyone.  Not a call, an email, anything.  So reluctantly I decided \
\
\
BEATS:\
Interview - Jacob, blue hair, yelling\
Ido - funny.  Tosses my portfolio aside\
First day of WM - quiet, shy.  wtf is going on\
Turns out, nothing really\

\b WM strangeness, buzzwords, \'93Blue Thinking\'94 - how is that different from green thinking?
\b0 \
Shaun starts while we\'92re launching greensquad - hard to get along with - I want to quit at first\
\
Dave steals a laptop - email about active family, tupac quote.  Password changed to ActiveFamily57 something.  Feeling guilty about the lawsuit.}