{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\title }
{\subject }
{\doccomm }
{\author }
{\*\company }
{\*\copyright }
{\keywords cursorLocation=3398}}\margl1008\margr1008\margt1008\vieww28500\viewh17900\viewkind1\viewscale126
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl360\slmult1\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Doctor Visit\
\
	I\'92m not a fan of the doctor; in fact, I make it a point to visit him as rarely as possible.  I won\'92t trouble him for a cold, not even for the flu.  For me to voluntarily make an appointment, I\'92d probably have to be in state too severe to dial a phone.  \
	I have nothing against physicians personally - they seem like nice guys in general, from the dozen or so I\'92ve seen in my life.  If anything, I picture myself doing them a favor by holding out, lightening their workload if you will.  It always takes so long to get in anywhere.  So its like, \'91Hey guys, I\'92m sufficiently healthy, so I\'92m just gonna leave you all alone, let you do your thing . . .\'92  I picture a group of them nodding, while desperately trying to subdue frantic patients, advise overweight businessmen on their diet, inoculate babies.  Wiping sweat from their foreheads they smile a sincere thanks, and return to their mirthless grind.\
	Now this method can get complicated easily.  A few months ago I called the pharmacy to refill some Alegra, a basic sinus medication.  The woman on the other end informs me that I am out of refills.  If you get prescription medication, you know the drill.  They call the doctor, confirms that yes, you still can\'92t breathe through your nose without pharmaceutical intervention, and you get your medicine a few days later than expected.  \
	I get a call the next afternoon from the pharmacy.\
	\'93Dr. Bernard hasn\'92t seen you in three years.\'94 the woman says.  \'93He doesn\'92t remember who you are.\'94\
	Here I had assumed there was a more organized method for distributing medication.  Surely my visits have been documented in some way, my prescriptions filed neatly in a manilla folder.\
	\'93That\'92s not the point - It\'92s been too long.\'94  she clarified.  \'93His office isn\'92t even in this state.\'94\
	This was true.  Clearly I hadn\'92t realized how much time had passed since I last saw a doctor.  At this point, I feel like most people would probably break down and make an appointment.\
	\'93That\'92s fine.\'94 I tell the woman, \'93I don\'92t need them.\'94  I hang up the phone triumphantly.  I have won in some way.  Mind over matter.  Was I born with with these pills?  Then I do not need them!\
	Another month passes, and I\'92m out of Flonase.  This stuff is seriously a god send.  With one powerful spray it kicks down the door to your sinus passage and stuffs every foreign substance inside into a giant paddy wagon headed directly for county (which unfortunately requires driving down your throat - but I digress).  I shake the bottle desperately, attempt to gather the remaining droplets below the pump.  \
	Finally, I reach an impasse.  I hold an amber-colored bottle holding five remaining Xanax tabs.\
	\'93This is fine.\'94 I tell myself.  I hardly ever take them anymore.  Except for when I work late, or when I have a big day coming up that I know I can\'92t handle, or when I can\'92t sleep because I realize I could die at any second for no good reason, things like that.  I could easily make due with five for the rest of the year.  \
	I go to my insurance company website.  I try to pick a doctor with a soothing last name.  Not another Bernard (what was I thinking?).  I read each doctor\'92s specialties, put great stock in the number of stars United Healthcare seems to have arbitrarily assigned to them.  Finally I place a phone call to the office of Dr. Kramer.  The last name was a compromise, he had alot of stars.\
	}