{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Chapter 6 - Wise & Foolish Builders}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lebe sat up on the couch in a start, swatting at something he could not quite picture in the fogginess of his mind.  The room had the unique feeling of being recently occupied, though whatever had been sharing the space with him in the minutes prior was gone now.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab It was morning, that much could be inferred through the light filtering in through the closed blinds and the shrill and frantic call of Acridid grasshoppers outside.  They\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 re known for their short antenneae and sloping forheads, and above all, their long song of courtship.  The music the males play with their spiny legs takes their female of choice through three acts - at first, the female ignores the males.  This is normal.  Then comes the second act, the passive acceptance of the male, a consolation no doubt to the self-conscious suitor but still, he keeps playing.  Finally, the third act.  Active attraction.  She sings.  At this point, females will permit copulation following brief courtship, though sometimes without it.  The latter of these grasshoppers are referred to as whores.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab One such grasshopper sat on a flower stem a few feet from the house, it\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s mate playing the song Lebe had heard many times outside of his own bedroom; yet he knew this to be the only thing the two places had in common.  The sound brought him no comfort as his eyes adjusted to the dark interior of the Hollis\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  living room - large, vacant, being misused as a bedroom.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Lebe pushed his mask back into place, which had become twisted in his sleep, and began to inspect the place. He could not feel a single person awake in the entire house, though it was nearly a quarter past six.  The carpet, which his own home had lacked, had a spongy consistency that masked his movement; still he treaded softly like a guest in a museum.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab His feet turned to sharp, sticky taps as they hit the linoleum.  It was crowded with stacks of mail and used food containers, piled upon tables and in corners, and everywhere there was the smell of the vague unsanitary.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Beneath one such stack of homogenous trash sat a long, rectangle wooden table, with a chair on each side.  Lebe attempted to clear himself a spot at the end by stacking several empty pizza boxes and plastic cups and moving them to the one free spot in the kitchen, the stove top.  However, when he got there the stove still radiated a slight heat, so he was forced to set the stack on the floor.  Not that this was in any way a novel concept, several more just like it lined the wall of the trash can.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Lebe sat down at his spot, and momentarily conisdered the blank clearing of wooden tabletop before him.  He stared into the kitchen, at the cabinets and refrigerator door, before standing again and walking back to the couch.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Lebe retrieved his Bible from his backpack - it was a soft, worn leather edition, New American Standard Bible.  Lebe preferred the glossier language of the NIV or even, his parents fobid, King Jame\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s Version - but being the oldest in his family his copy was passed down from his father, so he was more or less stuck.  Jacob had made a small compromise with his parents, that if he were to study from the sitfly worded family Bible, he\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 d be allowed to pick out a more visually appealing cover for it.  The cover Jacob had choosen was something like what an explorer would wrap a book in - thick canvas, lots of cargo pockets on the front holding a variety of notes and trinkets he\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 d collected.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab At the time his family had been finishing a three week study of Jude, and was getting dangerously close to Revelation, Lebe\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s least favorite subject of the year.  Not that Lebe was particuarly fond of Jude either.  Realizing suddenly that he was no longer obligated to pick up where his family had left off, he flipped through the frail, thin paging looking for a new place to pick up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Why not indulge?  Lebe turned to Matthew 9:16, the first of his favorite part of the Bible - the 46 parables of Jesus.  Often less than a paragraph long, Lebe always found them to be the most galvanizing and true.  Sure, there was plenty of straight talk in the Gospels, Proverbs - but he always understood things more clearly when they were told to him in the form of a story.  Jesus understood that, which is why he told so many of them, when people were looking for a straight answer.  Jesus wasn\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t much of a straight-answer kinda guy.  Neither was Lebe.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 But no one puts a patch of unshrunk cloth on an old garment; for the patch pulls away from the garment, and a worse tear results.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doesn\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 t really seem like a begining, does it?    It\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0 s followed immediately by parable number two:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \hich\f0 \ldblquote \loch\f0 Nor do people put new wine into old wineskins; otherwise the wineskins burst, and the wine pours out and the wineskins are ruined; but they put new wine into fresh wineskins, and both are preserved.\hich\f0 \rdblquote \loch\f0 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lebe stood and opened a row of vertical blinds that covered a sliding glass door that lead to the Hollis\hich\f0 \rquote \loch\f0  back yard.  The light was nice, warm.  Lebe thought to himself of the new things that awaited him outside.  }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}